The president advised the doctor .	Did the doctor advise the president ?	no
The student saw the managers .	Did the managers see the student ?	no
The presidents encouraged the banker .	Did the banker encourage the presidents ?	no
The senators supported the actor .	Did the actor support the senators ?	no
The actors avoided the bankers .	Did the bankers avoid the actors ?	no
The senators mentioned the artist .	Did the artist mention the senators ?	no
The managers saw the secretaries .	Did the secretaries see the managers ?	no
The professor recognized the secretaries .	Did the secretaries recognize the professor ?	no
The author contacted the scientist .	Did the scientist contact the author ?	no
The athletes recommended the senator .	Did the senator recommend the athletes ?	no
The president avoided the athlete .	Did the athlete avoid the president ?	no
The judges supported the banker .	Did the banker support the judges ?	no
The senators contacted the scientists .	Did the scientists contact the senators ?	no
The banker thanked the tourist .	Did the tourist thank the banker ?	no
The tourists admired the secretary .	Did the secretary admire the tourists ?	no
The lawyers helped the judge .	Did the judge help the lawyers ?	no
The actors introduced the lawyer .	Did the lawyer introduce the actors ?	no
The professors advised the judge .	Did the judge advise the professors ?	no
The artists contacted the professor .	Did the professor contact the artists ?	no
The student recognized the senator .	Did the senator recognize the student ?	no
The secretary introduced the judge .	Did the judge introduce the secretary ?	no
The senators introduced the president .	Did the president introduce the senators ?	no
The lawyer introduced the professors .	Did the professors introduce the lawyer ?	no
The tourist believed the students .	Did the students believe the tourist ?	no
The athlete recommended the judge .	Did the judge recommend the athlete ?	no
The secretary recommended the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recommend the secretary ?	no
The authors recommended the professors .	Did the professors recommend the authors ?	no
The students thanked the authors .	Did the authors thank the students ?	no
The tourist contacted the judges .	Did the judges contact the tourist ?	no
The authors introduced the students .	Did the students introduce the authors ?	no
The author contacted the professors .	Did the professors contact the author ?	no
The judges recommended the president .	Did the president recommend the judges ?	no
The students believed the judges .	Did the judges believe the students ?	no
The athletes supported the president .	Did the president support the athletes ?	no
The managers introduced the bankers .	Did the bankers introduce the managers ?	no
The authors encouraged the judges .	Did the judges encourage the authors ?	no
The actor stopped the senators .	Did the senators stop the actor ?	no
The artist avoided the senators .	Did the senators avoid the artist ?	no
The actors recognized the student .	Did the student recognize the actors ?	no
The senators stopped the presidents .	Did the presidents stop the senators ?	no
The scientists encouraged the lawyers .	Did the lawyers encourage the scientists ?	no
The professors helped the presidents .	Did the presidents help the professors ?	no
The authors stopped the senator .	Did the senator stop the authors ?	no
The professor advised the manager .	Did the manager advise the professor ?	no
The manager introduced the judge .	Did the judge introduce the manager ?	no
The presidents contacted the scientist .	Did the scientist contact the presidents ?	no
The artists encouraged the scientists .	Did the scientists encourage the artists ?	no
The lawyer advised the author .	Did the author advise the lawyer ?	no
The student contacted the senator .	Did the senator contact the student ?	no
The students recognized the professor .	Did the professor recognize the students ?	no
The actor believed the scientist .	Did the scientist believe the actor ?	no
The artist contacted the tourist .	Did the tourist contact the artist ?	no
The president helped the actors .	Did the actors help the president ?	no
The professors introduced the secretary .	Did the secretary introduce the professors ?	no
The doctors advised the senator .	Did the senator advise the doctors ?	no
The doctors believed the student .	Did the student believe the doctors ?	no
The judges mentioned the student .	Did the student mention the judges ?	no
The judge called the doctors .	Did the doctors call the judge ?	no
The managers stopped the president .	Did the president stop the managers ?	no
The artist introduced the tourists .	Did the tourists introduce the artist ?	no
The manager contacted the secretaries .	Did the secretaries contact the manager ?	no
The judges recommended the secretary .	Did the secretary recommend the judges ?	no
The actors called the professor .	Did the professor call the actors ?	no
The scientists avoided the actors .	Did the actors avoid the scientists ?	no
The banker encouraged the artists .	Did the artists encourage the banker ?	no
The artists believed the bankers .	Did the bankers believe the artists ?	no
The professor recommended the manager .	Did the manager recommend the professor ?	no
The doctor thanked the secretary .	Did the secretary thank the doctor ?	no
The banker admired the actors .	Did the actors admire the banker ?	no
The banker thanked the lawyer .	Did the lawyer thank the banker ?	no
The managers called the athletes .	Did the athletes call the managers ?	no
The tourists introduced the authors .	Did the authors introduce the tourists ?	no
The secretary mentioned the authors .	Did the authors mention the secretary ?	no
The banker admired the tourist .	Did the tourist admire the banker ?	no
The lawyers thanked the managers .	Did the managers thank the lawyers ?	no
The authors recognized the judges .	Did the judges recognize the authors ?	no
The senators saw the author .	Did the author see the senators ?	no
The students stopped the professors .	Did the professors stop the students ?	no
The athletes thanked the student .	Did the student thank the athletes ?	no
The lawyers recommended the professor .	Did the professor recommend the lawyers ?	no
The student believed the presidents .	Did the presidents believe the student ?	no
The tourist believed the scientists .	Did the scientists believe the tourist ?	no
The doctors supported the author .	Did the author support the doctors ?	no
The doctor encouraged the author .	Did the author encourage the doctor ?	no
The managers encouraged the secretaries .	Did the secretaries encourage the managers ?	no
The lawyers advised the tourist .	Did the tourist advise the lawyers ?	no
The presidents stopped the student .	Did the student stop the presidents ?	no
The judges avoided the secretary .	Did the secretary avoid the judges ?	no
The author recognized the artist .	Did the artist recognize the author ?	no
The artist mentioned the manager .	Did the manager mention the artist ?	no
The students thanked the managers .	Did the managers thank the students ?	no
The secretary admired the presidents .	Did the presidents admire the secretary ?	no
The artist introduced the judges .	Did the judges introduce the artist ?	no
The secretaries recommended the judges .	Did the judges recommend the secretaries ?	no
The manager avoided the bankers .	Did the bankers avoid the manager ?	no
The secretaries helped the judge .	Did the judge help the secretaries ?	no
The author introduced the secretary .	Did the secretary introduce the author ?	no
The judge contacted the doctors .	Did the doctors contact the judge ?	no
The judge believed the actors .	Did the actors believe the judge ?	no
The tourists recognized the senators .	Did the senators recognize the tourists ?	no
The students supported the manager .	Did the manager support the students ?	no
The lawyers saw the doctor .	Did the doctor see the lawyers ?	no
The secretary thanked the artist .	Did the artist thank the secretary ?	no
The lawyers contacted the secretary .	Did the secretary contact the lawyers ?	no
The author stopped the doctors .	Did the doctors stop the author ?	no
The authors stopped the managers .	Did the managers stop the authors ?	no
The lawyers recognized the scientists .	Did the scientists recognize the lawyers ?	no
The presidents recognized the banker .	Did the banker recognize the presidents ?	no
The tourists saw the manager .	Did the manager see the tourists ?	no
The student helped the professor .	Did the professor help the student ?	no
The doctors supported the senator .	Did the senator support the doctors ?	no
The doctors mentioned the professors .	Did the professors mention the doctors ?	no
The scientists recognized the lawyers .	Did the lawyers recognize the scientists ?	no
The student saw the tourists .	Did the tourists see the student ?	no
The lawyer called the actor .	Did the actor call the lawyer ?	no
The athlete advised the professor .	Did the professor advise the athlete ?	no
The doctor encouraged the students .	Did the students encourage the doctor ?	no
The actor recognized the senator .	Did the senator recognize the actor ?	no
The judge encouraged the actor .	Did the actor encourage the judge ?	no
The judge contacted the professor .	Did the professor contact the judge ?	no
The lawyers saw the senators .	Did the senators see the lawyers ?	no
The professor avoided the presidents .	Did the presidents avoid the professor ?	no
The scientists encouraged the artist .	Did the artist encourage the scientists ?	no
The doctors recommended the artists .	Did the artists recommend the doctors ?	no
The artists believed the lawyer .	Did the lawyer believe the artists ?	no
The judges stopped the professors .	Did the professors stop the judges ?	no
The senator mentioned the managers .	Did the managers mention the senator ?	no
The secretaries mentioned the judges .	Did the judges mention the secretaries ?	no
The tourists introduced the managers .	Did the managers introduce the tourists ?	no
The tourists recommended the senator .	Did the senator recommend the tourists ?	no
The managers recognized the scientists .	Did the scientists recognize the managers ?	no
The artist recommended the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recommend the artist ?	no
The managers helped the student .	Did the student help the managers ?	no
The senators admired the authors .	Did the authors admire the senators ?	no
The author recommended the doctor .	Did the doctor recommend the author ?	no
The managers introduced the senator .	Did the senator introduce the managers ?	no
The bankers stopped the scientists .	Did the scientists stop the bankers ?	no
The doctor admired the professor .	Did the professor admire the doctor ?	no
The actor believed the senators .	Did the senators believe the actor ?	no
The bankers admired the scientist .	Did the scientist admire the bankers ?	no
The students advised the judge .	Did the judge advise the students ?	no
The actors recognized the professors .	Did the professors recognize the actors ?	no
The doctor stopped the judges .	Did the judges stop the doctor ?	no
The senators avoided the scientist .	Did the scientist avoid the senators ?	no
The author admired the actors .	Did the actors admire the author ?	no
The artist helped the judge .	Did the judge help the artist ?	no
The senator advised the author .	Did the author advise the senator ?	no
The lawyers helped the bankers .	Did the bankers help the lawyers ?	no
The senator encouraged the student .	Did the student encourage the senator ?	no
The doctor contacted the banker .	Did the banker contact the doctor ?	no
The actors introduced the doctor .	Did the doctor introduce the actors ?	no
The judge stopped the managers .	Did the managers stop the judge ?	no
The tourists saw the presidents .	Did the presidents see the tourists ?	no
The student supported the lawyer .	Did the lawyer support the student ?	no
The secretary saw the student .	Did the student see the secretary ?	no
The actor recommended the artist .	Did the artist recommend the actor ?	no
The athletes recognized the managers .	Did the managers recognize the athletes ?	no
The athletes mentioned the actors .	Did the actors mention the athletes ?	no
The judges mentioned the president .	Did the president mention the judges ?	no
The scientist recommended the authors .	Did the authors recommend the scientist ?	no
The students introduced the doctors .	Did the doctors introduce the students ?	no
The president recognized the athlete .	Did the athlete recognize the president ?	no
The tourist believed the doctor .	Did the doctor believe the tourist ?	no
The athletes contacted the lawyers .	Did the lawyers contact the athletes ?	no
The lawyers recognized the secretary .	Did the secretary recognize the lawyers ?	no
The doctor contacted the tourists .	Did the tourists contact the doctor ?	no
The author supported the judge .	Did the judge support the author ?	no
The doctor believed the presidents .	Did the presidents believe the doctor ?	no
The actor supported the doctors .	Did the doctors support the actor ?	no
The scientists avoided the lawyers .	Did the lawyers avoid the scientists ?	no
The tourists believed the authors .	Did the authors believe the tourists ?	no
The judges supported the artists .	Did the artists support the judges ?	no
The athlete recognized the scientist .	Did the scientist recognize the athlete ?	no
The president recognized the banker .	Did the banker recognize the president ?	no
The professor saw the presidents .	Did the presidents see the professor ?	no
The senator helped the doctor .	Did the doctor help the senator ?	no
The president recommended the students .	Did the students recommend the president ?	no
The artist mentioned the president .	Did the president mention the artist ?	no
The secretaries called the senator .	Did the senator call the secretaries ?	no
The authors thanked the scientists .	Did the scientists thank the authors ?	no
The senators encouraged the artists .	Did the artists encourage the senators ?	no
The lawyers encouraged the actors .	Did the actors encourage the lawyers ?	no
The bankers admired the manager .	Did the manager admire the bankers ?	no
The managers advised the secretaries .	Did the secretaries advise the managers ?	no
The artists helped the doctors .	Did the doctors help the artists ?	no
The professor supported the students .	Did the students support the professor ?	no
The artist supported the senators .	Did the senators support the artist ?	no
The actor mentioned the scientists .	Did the scientists mention the actor ?	no
The authors supported the actor .	Did the actor support the authors ?	no
The secretaries advised the bankers .	Did the bankers advise the secretaries ?	no
The professors helped the managers .	Did the managers help the professors ?	no
The secretary recommended the athletes .	Did the athletes recommend the secretary ?	no
The managers mentioned the senator .	Did the senator mention the managers ?	no
The bankers advised the artists .	Did the artists advise the bankers ?	no
The professor thanked the tourist .	Did the tourist thank the professor ?	no
The artist introduced the actors .	Did the actors introduce the artist ?	no
The secretary thanked the manager .	Did the manager thank the secretary ?	no
The judges believed the president .	Did the president believe the judges ?	no
The tourist recommended the banker .	Did the banker recommend the tourist ?	no
The scientists saw the managers .	Did the managers see the scientists ?	no
The artist encouraged the secretary .	Did the secretary encourage the artist ?	no
The banker admired the scientist .	Did the scientist admire the banker ?	no
The students supported the judge .	Did the judge support the students ?	no
The author supported the actors .	Did the actors support the author ?	no
The athletes recognized the doctors .	Did the doctors recognize the athletes ?	no
The secretaries contacted the author .	Did the author contact the secretaries ?	no
The lawyers thanked the bankers .	Did the bankers thank the lawyers ?	no
The bankers recognized the artist .	Did the artist recognize the bankers ?	no
The lawyers mentioned the scientist .	Did the scientist mention the lawyers ?	no
The lawyer helped the professors .	Did the professors help the lawyer ?	no
The tourists stopped the lawyers .	Did the lawyers stop the tourists ?	no
The judge recognized the artist .	Did the artist recognize the judge ?	no
The lawyer recommended the scientist .	Did the scientist recommend the lawyer ?	no
The bankers stopped the students .	Did the students stop the bankers ?	no
The actor avoided the lawyer .	Did the lawyer avoid the actor ?	no
The athlete avoided the judge .	Did the judge avoid the athlete ?	no
The tourist supported the judges .	Did the judges support the tourist ?	no
The professor saw the banker .	Did the banker see the professor ?	no
The lawyer recognized the senators .	Did the senators recognize the lawyer ?	no
The athletes helped the doctors .	Did the doctors help the athletes ?	no
The students mentioned the athlete .	Did the athlete mention the students ?	no
The secretaries recognized the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recognize the secretaries ?	no
The artists supported the judges .	Did the judges support the artists ?	no
The tourists avoided the author .	Did the author avoid the tourists ?	no
The judge stopped the tourist .	Did the tourist stop the judge ?	no
The authors advised the doctors .	Did the doctors advise the authors ?	no
The author helped the senators .	Did the senators help the author ?	no
The professor supported the athlete .	Did the athlete support the professor ?	no
The artist called the manager .	Did the manager call the artist ?	no
The bankers introduced the student .	Did the student introduce the bankers ?	no
The actors stopped the doctors .	Did the doctors stop the actors ?	no
The senators stopped the president .	Did the president stop the senators ?	no
The lawyers admired the senator .	Did the senator admire the lawyers ?	no
The professors recommended the manager .	Did the manager recommend the professors ?	no
The banker admired the senator .	Did the senator admire the banker ?	no
The senators avoided the doctors .	Did the doctors avoid the senators ?	no
The secretary saw the authors .	Did the authors see the secretary ?	no
The professors saw the lawyer .	Did the lawyer see the professors ?	no
The professor advised the banker .	Did the banker advise the professor ?	no
The lawyers called the scientists .	Did the scientists call the lawyers ?	no
The senators stopped the secretary .	Did the secretary stop the senators ?	no
The banker helped the students .	Did the students help the banker ?	no
The scientists recommended the presidents .	Did the presidents recommend the scientists ?	no
The doctor saw the author .	Did the author see the doctor ?	no
The scientist helped the artist .	Did the artist help the scientist ?	no
The athletes contacted the secretaries .	Did the secretaries contact the athletes ?	no
The banker supported the athlete .	Did the athlete support the banker ?	no
The senators called the athlete .	Did the athlete call the senators ?	no
The doctor admired the actor .	Did the actor admire the doctor ?	no
The senator advised the secretaries .	Did the secretaries advise the senator ?	no
The senator mentioned the students .	Did the students mention the senator ?	no
The doctor saw the presidents .	Did the presidents see the doctor ?	no
The lawyer mentioned the actor .	Did the actor mention the lawyer ?	no
The actors contacted the senators .	Did the senators contact the actors ?	no
The tourists contacted the authors .	Did the authors contact the tourists ?	no
The tourist saw the artist .	Did the artist see the tourist ?	no
The athletes stopped the authors .	Did the authors stop the athletes ?	no
The judges thanked the secretaries .	Did the secretaries thank the judges ?	no
The authors stopped the doctors .	Did the doctors stop the authors ?	no
The professors encouraged the student .	Did the student encourage the professors ?	no
The athletes thanked the artists .	Did the artists thank the athletes ?	no
The scientists encouraged the doctor .	Did the doctor encourage the scientists ?	no
The bankers admired the professor .	Did the professor admire the bankers ?	no
The actor helped the bankers .	Did the bankers help the actor ?	no
The lawyers encouraged the secretaries .	Did the secretaries encourage the lawyers ?	no
The professors called the manager .	Did the manager call the professors ?	no
The presidents supported the professor .	Did the professor support the presidents ?	no
The secretaries advised the tourists .	Did the tourists advise the secretaries ?	no
The authors recognized the doctor .	Did the doctor recognize the authors ?	no
The president contacted the artist .	Did the artist contact the president ?	no
The professor thanked the student .	Did the student thank the professor ?	no
The actor stopped the professors .	Did the professors stop the actor ?	no
The artists avoided the scientist .	Did the scientist avoid the artists ?	no
The scientists saw the artists .	Did the artists see the scientists ?	no
The scientist encouraged the professor .	Did the professor encourage the scientist ?	no
The senator contacted the lawyers .	Did the lawyers contact the senator ?	no
The president supported the judge .	Did the judge support the president ?	no
The secretaries contacted the scientist .	Did the scientist contact the secretaries ?	no
The actor recommended the students .	Did the students recommend the actor ?	no
The authors helped the banker .	Did the banker help the authors ?	no
The president called the author .	Did the author call the president ?	no
The secretary recognized the judge .	Did the judge recognize the secretary ?	no
The student mentioned the professor .	Did the professor mention the student ?	no
The professors contacted the presidents .	Did the presidents contact the professors ?	no
The president recommended the artists .	Did the artists recommend the president ?	no
The secretary admired the scientist .	Did the scientist admire the secretary ?	no
The tourist introduced the managers .	Did the managers introduce the tourist ?	no
The author encouraged the professor .	Did the professor encourage the author ?	no
The secretaries supported the tourists .	Did the tourists support the secretaries ?	no
The doctor stopped the tourists .	Did the tourists stop the doctor ?	no
The artist recommended the judge .	Did the judge recommend the artist ?	no
The senators helped the judge .	Did the judge help the senators ?	no
The artists avoided the scientists .	Did the scientists avoid the artists ?	no
The student thanked the secretary .	Did the secretary thank the student ?	no
The professors recommended the students .	Did the students recommend the professors ?	no
The professor helped the author .	Did the author help the professor ?	no
The students supported the banker .	Did the banker support the students ?	no
The manager helped the author .	Did the author help the manager ?	no
The tourist supported the senator .	Did the senator support the tourist ?	no
The manager called the artists .	Did the artists call the manager ?	no
The managers recognized the presidents .	Did the presidents recognize the managers ?	no
The athletes recognized the lawyers .	Did the lawyers recognize the athletes ?	no
The lawyers believed the judge .	Did the judge believe the lawyers ?	no
The author believed the actor .	Did the actor believe the author ?	no
The athlete recognized the managers .	Did the managers recognize the athlete ?	no
The presidents saw the secretaries .	Did the secretaries see the presidents ?	no
The tourist supported the professor .	Did the professor support the tourist ?	no
The secretaries believed the artist .	Did the artist believe the secretaries ?	no
The scientists recognized the students .	Did the students recognize the scientists ?	no
The lawyers supported the author .	Did the author support the lawyers ?	no
The presidents avoided the lawyer .	Did the lawyer avoid the presidents ?	no
The lawyers recommended the artists .	Did the artists recommend the lawyers ?	no
The judge introduced the student .	Did the student introduce the judge ?	no
The senators encouraged the students .	Did the students encourage the senators ?	no
The artists saw the managers .	Did the managers see the artists ?	no
The manager introduced the athletes .	Did the athletes introduce the manager ?	no
The presidents mentioned the banker .	Did the banker mention the presidents ?	no
The doctors contacted the bankers .	Did the bankers contact the doctors ?	no
The bankers stopped the professors .	Did the professors stop the bankers ?	no
The president contacted the author .	Did the author contact the president ?	no
The doctor admired the athlete .	Did the athlete admire the doctor ?	no
The professors saw the actors .	Did the actors see the professors ?	no
The students saw the artist .	Did the artist see the students ?	no
The lawyers thanked the athlete .	Did the athlete thank the lawyers ?	no
The athlete saw the secretary .	Did the secretary see the athlete ?	no
The tourists mentioned the actors .	Did the actors mention the tourists ?	no
The authors thanked the doctor .	Did the doctor thank the authors ?	no
The senators supported the authors .	Did the authors support the senators ?	no
The professors mentioned the banker .	Did the banker mention the professors ?	no
The artists called the actors .	Did the actors call the artists ?	no
The lawyers recommended the students .	Did the students recommend the lawyers ?	no
The manager recommended the artists .	Did the artists recommend the manager ?	no
The tourists introduced the secretaries .	Did the secretaries introduce the tourists ?	no
The presidents thanked the artists .	Did the artists thank the presidents ?	no
The lawyer recognized the scientist .	Did the scientist recognize the lawyer ?	no
The students recognized the tourists .	Did the tourists recognize the students ?	no
The secretary believed the actor .	Did the actor believe the secretary ?	no
The artist contacted the professors .	Did the professors contact the artist ?	no
The secretary saw the judge .	Did the judge see the secretary ?	no
The judge introduced the athletes .	Did the athletes introduce the judge ?	no
The author contacted the student .	Did the student contact the author ?	no
The managers admired the tourist .	Did the tourist admire the managers ?	no
The athletes thanked the actors .	Did the actors thank the athletes ?	no
The senators helped the lawyers .	Did the lawyers help the senators ?	no
The scientists believed the presidents .	Did the presidents believe the scientists ?	no
The actors admired the professors .	Did the professors admire the actors ?	no
The scientists introduced the author .	Did the author introduce the scientists ?	no
The student helped the manager .	Did the manager help the student ?	no
The students introduced the professors .	Did the professors introduce the students ?	no
The professor stopped the athletes .	Did the athletes stop the professor ?	no
The managers called the student .	Did the student call the managers ?	no
The judge stopped the doctor .	Did the doctor stop the judge ?	no
The athletes stopped the banker .	Did the banker stop the athletes ?	no
The presidents called the doctor .	Did the doctor call the presidents ?	no
The senator avoided the professors .	Did the professors avoid the senator ?	no
The senator believed the professors .	Did the professors believe the senator ?	no
The senator stopped the bankers .	Did the bankers stop the senator ?	no
The doctors mentioned the tourist .	Did the tourist mention the doctors ?	no
The bankers supported the professors .	Did the professors support the bankers ?	no
The banker avoided the students .	Did the students avoid the banker ?	no
The banker saw the secretaries .	Did the secretaries see the banker ?	no
The actor saw the doctors .	Did the doctors see the actor ?	no
The authors stopped the lawyers .	Did the lawyers stop the authors ?	no
The scientists recommended the athlete .	Did the athlete recommend the scientists ?	no
The tourists contacted the artist .	Did the artist contact the tourists ?	no
The professors believed the athletes .	Did the athletes believe the professors ?	no
The lawyer mentioned the senators .	Did the senators mention the lawyer ?	no
The secretary contacted the authors .	Did the authors contact the secretary ?	no
The senators believed the student .	Did the student believe the senators ?	no
The president helped the professors .	Did the professors help the president ?	no
The lawyer introduced the banker .	Did the banker introduce the lawyer ?	no
The presidents avoided the manager .	Did the manager avoid the presidents ?	no
The actors advised the managers .	Did the managers advise the actors ?	no
The bankers saw the actor .	Did the actor see the bankers ?	no
The doctors contacted the athletes .	Did the athletes contact the doctors ?	no
The student advised the lawyers .	Did the lawyers advise the student ?	no
The scientists believed the actor .	Did the actor believe the scientists ?	no
The secretaries helped the president .	Did the president help the secretaries ?	no
The scientist introduced the artist .	Did the artist introduce the scientist ?	no
The athlete introduced the judges .	Did the judges introduce the athlete ?	no
The tourist encouraged the students .	Did the students encourage the tourist ?	no
The lawyers introduced the artist .	Did the artist introduce the lawyers ?	no
The bankers advised the scientist .	Did the scientist advise the bankers ?	no
The athlete supported the artist .	Did the artist support the athlete ?	no
The professor stopped the actors .	Did the actors stop the professor ?	no
The actor helped the doctors .	Did the doctors help the actor ?	no
The tourists called the author .	Did the author call the tourists ?	no
The lawyer helped the president .	Did the president help the lawyer ?	no
The managers introduced the professors .	Did the professors introduce the managers ?	no
The secretary contacted the athletes .	Did the athletes contact the secretary ?	no
The author helped the bankers .	Did the bankers help the author ?	no
The actors saw the athletes .	Did the athletes see the actors ?	no
The professors encouraged the students .	Did the students encourage the professors ?	no
The actors introduced the banker .	Did the banker introduce the actors ?	no
The artists recognized the manager .	Did the manager recognize the artists ?	no
The actors mentioned the students .	Did the students mention the actors ?	no
The actors believed the tourist .	Did the tourist believe the actors ?	no
The lawyer helped the artist .	Did the artist help the lawyer ?	no
The actors recommended the tourist .	Did the tourist recommend the actors ?	no
The secretary admired the authors .	Did the authors admire the secretary ?	no
The artist recognized the actors .	Did the actors recognize the artist ?	no
The scientist recommended the manager .	Did the manager recommend the scientist ?	no
The tourist recommended the artist .	Did the artist recommend the tourist ?	no
The senators supported the athletes .	Did the athletes support the senators ?	no
The artist encouraged the presidents .	Did the presidents encourage the artist ?	no
The students recommended the athletes .	Did the athletes recommend the students ?	no
The author introduced the actor .	Did the actor introduce the author ?	no
The artist saw the lawyers .	Did the lawyers see the artist ?	no
The secretaries introduced the student .	Did the student introduce the secretaries ?	no
The presidents saw the manager .	Did the manager see the presidents ?	no
The banker mentioned the manager .	Did the manager mention the banker ?	no
The judges stopped the senators .	Did the senators stop the judges ?	no
The senators avoided the student .	Did the student avoid the senators ?	no
The actors helped the student .	Did the student help the actors ?	no
The judge believed the tourist .	Did the tourist believe the judge ?	no
The scientist recommended the artists .	Did the artists recommend the scientist ?	no
The secretaries supported the athlete .	Did the athlete support the secretaries ?	no
The artists saw the scientist .	Did the scientist see the artists ?	no
The tourists believed the senators .	Did the senators believe the tourists ?	no
The managers supported the athlete .	Did the athlete support the managers ?	no
The lawyer avoided the senator .	Did the senator avoid the lawyer ?	no
The presidents believed the artists .	Did the artists believe the presidents ?	no
The presidents believed the secretary .	Did the secretary believe the presidents ?	no
The authors admired the secretaries .	Did the secretaries admire the authors ?	no
The senator contacted the bankers .	Did the bankers contact the senator ?	no
The judges helped the banker .	Did the banker help the judges ?	no
The scientists recommended the manager .	Did the manager recommend the scientists ?	no
The lawyers contacted the judge .	Did the judge contact the lawyers ?	no
The athlete stopped the bankers .	Did the bankers stop the athlete ?	no
The student helped the presidents .	Did the presidents help the student ?	no
The lawyers admired the students .	Did the students admire the lawyers ?	no
The authors admired the artist .	Did the artist admire the authors ?	no
The lawyers mentioned the author .	Did the author mention the lawyers ?	no
The professors contacted the lawyer .	Did the lawyer contact the professors ?	no
The judges introduced the secretaries .	Did the secretaries introduce the judges ?	no
The artist saw the judge .	Did the judge see the artist ?	no
The lawyer supported the presidents .	Did the presidents support the lawyer ?	no
The author called the secretaries .	Did the secretaries call the author ?	no
The senator saw the doctor .	Did the doctor see the senator ?	no
The judge called the managers .	Did the managers call the judge ?	no
The doctor recognized the manager .	Did the manager recognize the doctor ?	no
The lawyers called the athletes .	Did the athletes call the lawyers ?	no
The president saw the secretary .	Did the secretary see the president ?	no
The manager recognized the judges .	Did the judges recognize the manager ?	no
The senator supported the lawyers .	Did the lawyers support the senator ?	no
The senators admired the lawyers .	Did the lawyers admire the senators ?	no
The senators supported the professor .	Did the professor support the senators ?	no
The scientists recommended the doctor .	Did the doctor recommend the scientists ?	no
The professor recognized the managers .	Did the managers recognize the professor ?	no
The scientist contacted the lawyer .	Did the lawyer contact the scientist ?	no
The doctors supported the student .	Did the student support the doctors ?	no
The managers thanked the secretaries .	Did the secretaries thank the managers ?	no
The president believed the actor .	Did the actor believe the president ?	no
The tourists thanked the actors .	Did the actors thank the tourists ?	no
The managers stopped the authors .	Did the authors stop the managers ?	no
The students thanked the president .	Did the president thank the students ?	no
The president contacted the senators .	Did the senators contact the president ?	no
The bankers supported the athlete .	Did the athlete support the bankers ?	no
The manager contacted the doctors .	Did the doctors contact the manager ?	no
The author stopped the tourist .	Did the tourist stop the author ?	no
The athletes mentioned the secretaries .	Did the secretaries mention the athletes ?	no
The professor avoided the artist .	Did the artist avoid the professor ?	no
The bankers introduced the senator .	Did the senator introduce the bankers ?	no
The actors advised the banker .	Did the banker advise the actors ?	no
The senators mentioned the doctor .	Did the doctor mention the senators ?	no
The athletes thanked the managers .	Did the managers thank the athletes ?	no
The tourists recommended the bankers .	Did the bankers recommend the tourists ?	no
The professors saw the lawyers .	Did the lawyers see the professors ?	no
The managers stopped the banker .	Did the banker stop the managers ?	no
The artist introduced the professor .	Did the professor introduce the artist ?	no
The judge introduced the secretaries .	Did the secretaries introduce the judge ?	no
The athletes advised the doctor .	Did the doctor advise the athletes ?	no
The students stopped the authors .	Did the authors stop the students ?	no
The scientist advised the professors .	Did the professors advise the scientist ?	no
The actors contacted the athlete .	Did the athlete contact the actors ?	no
The lawyer recommended the tourists .	Did the tourists recommend the lawyer ?	no
The senator avoided the doctor .	Did the doctor avoid the senator ?	no
The president encouraged the bankers .	Did the bankers encourage the president ?	no
The professors encouraged the doctors .	Did the doctors encourage the professors ?	no
The artists supported the banker .	Did the banker support the artists ?	no
The doctors recognized the lawyers .	Did the lawyers recognize the doctors ?	no
The secretaries recognized the student .	Did the student recognize the secretaries ?	no
The professor encouraged the doctor .	Did the doctor encourage the professor ?	no
The professors supported the doctors .	Did the doctors support the professors ?	no
The tourists admired the lawyer .	Did the lawyer admire the tourists ?	no
The lawyer recommended the student .	Did the student recommend the lawyer ?	no
The managers contacted the authors .	Did the authors contact the managers ?	no
The banker recommended the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recommend the banker ?	no
The secretary contacted the doctor .	Did the doctor contact the secretary ?	no
The manager supported the author .	Did the author support the manager ?	no
The scientists saw the actor .	Did the actor see the scientists ?	no
The doctors avoided the student .	Did the student avoid the doctors ?	no
The professors mentioned the artist .	Did the artist mention the professors ?	no
The tourists avoided the lawyer .	Did the lawyer avoid the tourists ?	no
The authors recognized the secretary .	Did the secretary recognize the authors ?	no
The scientist recognized the professors .	Did the professors recognize the scientist ?	no
The tourist called the senator .	Did the senator call the tourist ?	no
The senator stopped the athlete .	Did the athlete stop the senator ?	no
The doctor saw the president .	Did the president see the doctor ?	no
The presidents encouraged the managers .	Did the managers encourage the presidents ?	no
The senator recognized the authors .	Did the authors recognize the senator ?	no
The manager avoided the judge .	Did the judge avoid the manager ?	no
The presidents encouraged the athlete .	Did the athlete encourage the presidents ?	no
The professor saw the athlete .	Did the athlete see the professor ?	no
The lawyers contacted the athlete .	Did the athlete contact the lawyers ?	no
The tourist supported the scientists .	Did the scientists support the tourist ?	no
The lawyers stopped the tourists .	Did the tourists stop the lawyers ?	no
The lawyers avoided the doctors .	Did the doctors avoid the lawyers ?	no
The artists believed the student .	Did the student believe the artists ?	no
The actors avoided the banker .	Did the banker avoid the actors ?	no
The doctor recognized the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recognize the doctor ?	no
The actors stopped the bankers .	Did the bankers stop the actors ?	no
The manager helped the students .	Did the students help the manager ?	no
The banker introduced the professor .	Did the professor introduce the banker ?	no
The lawyer introduced the artists .	Did the artists introduce the lawyer ?	no
The judge admired the doctor .	Did the doctor admire the judge ?	no
The artists advised the secretaries .	Did the secretaries advise the artists ?	no
The scientists stopped the actor .	Did the actor stop the scientists ?	no
The professor encouraged the actors .	Did the actors encourage the professor ?	no
The presidents mentioned the tourist .	Did the tourist mention the presidents ?	no
The presidents encouraged the judge .	Did the judge encourage the presidents ?	no
The professor believed the senators .	Did the senators believe the professor ?	no
The athlete stopped the lawyer .	Did the lawyer stop the athlete ?	no
The banker thanked the students .	Did the students thank the banker ?	no
The senators thanked the professors .	Did the professors thank the senators ?	no
The doctor advised the lawyer .	Did the lawyer advise the doctor ?	no
The athletes introduced the student .	Did the student introduce the athletes ?	no
The senator helped the actors .	Did the actors help the senator ?	no
The secretaries introduced the bankers .	Did the bankers introduce the secretaries ?	no
The actor advised the doctor .	Did the doctor advise the actor ?	no
The president helped the lawyer .	Did the lawyer help the president ?	no
The secretaries thanked the banker .	Did the banker thank the secretaries ?	no
The artists stopped the secretary .	Did the secretary stop the artists ?	no
The secretaries helped the doctors .	Did the doctors help the secretaries ?	no
The student recommended the judges .	Did the judges recommend the student ?	no
The banker thanked the scientists .	Did the scientists thank the banker ?	no
The artists supported the professor .	Did the professor support the artists ?	no
The actors supported the professors .	Did the professors support the actors ?	no
The athlete admired the tourist .	Did the tourist admire the athlete ?	no
The athletes contacted the artist .	Did the artist contact the athletes ?	no
The author saw the lawyer .	Did the lawyer see the author ?	no
The managers supported the students .	Did the students support the managers ?	no
The senator stopped the author .	Did the author stop the senator ?	no
The president mentioned the artists .	Did the artists mention the president ?	no
The managers supported the doctor .	Did the doctor support the managers ?	no
The doctor mentioned the senators .	Did the senators mention the doctor ?	no
The author supported the managers .	Did the managers support the author ?	no
The doctors called the banker .	Did the banker call the doctors ?	no
The lawyers stopped the presidents .	Did the presidents stop the lawyers ?	no
The tourists saw the athlete .	Did the athlete see the tourists ?	no
The author helped the doctor .	Did the doctor help the author ?	no
The judge supported the student .	Did the student support the judge ?	no
The bankers thanked the professors .	Did the professors thank the bankers ?	no
The students saw the banker .	Did the banker see the students ?	no
The senator helped the tourists .	Did the tourists help the senator ?	no
The artist stopped the managers .	Did the managers stop the artist ?	no
The tourists avoided the student .	Did the student avoid the tourists ?	no
The judges contacted the scientist .	Did the scientist contact the judges ?	no
The scientists stopped the lawyer .	Did the lawyer stop the scientists ?	no
The doctor helped the president .	Did the president help the doctor ?	no
The doctors recommended the scientists .	Did the scientists recommend the doctors ?	no
The professor stopped the athlete .	Did the athlete stop the professor ?	no
The actor advised the student .	Did the student advise the actor ?	no
The secretaries called the lawyers .	Did the lawyers call the secretaries ?	no
The lawyers believed the manager .	Did the manager believe the lawyers ?	no
The scientists advised the secretaries .	Did the secretaries advise the scientists ?	no
The artists recommended the secretaries .	Did the secretaries recommend the artists ?	no
The manager called the tourists .	Did the tourists call the manager ?	no
The doctor admired the authors .	Did the authors admire the doctor ?	no
The tourists believed the presidents .	Did the presidents believe the tourists ?	no
The student mentioned the judges .	Did the judges mention the student ?	no
The doctor mentioned the banker .	Did the banker mention the doctor ?	no
The managers contacted the presidents .	Did the presidents contact the managers ?	no
The lawyer helped the tourists .	Did the tourists help the lawyer ?	no
The actor supported the scientists .	Did the scientists support the actor ?	no
The tourists supported the secretary .	Did the secretary support the tourists ?	no
The artists admired the presidents .	Did the presidents admire the artists ?	no
The judges saw the doctor .	Did the doctor see the judges ?	no
The tourist supported the president .	Did the president support the tourist ?	no
The authors contacted the actors .	Did the actors contact the authors ?	no
The artists saw the manager .	Did the manager see the artists ?	no
The scientists introduced the senator .	Did the senator introduce the scientists ?	no
The actors supported the lawyer .	Did the lawyer support the actors ?	no
The athletes advised the scientists .	Did the scientists advise the athletes ?	no
The athletes avoided the president .	Did the president avoid the athletes ?	no
The doctor helped the bankers .	Did the bankers help the doctor ?	no
The lawyer called the professors .	Did the professors call the lawyer ?	no
The professors contacted the bankers .	Did the bankers contact the professors ?	no
The tourists introduced the manager .	Did the manager introduce the tourists ?	no
The scientist advised the banker .	Did the banker advise the scientist ?	no
The author helped the doctors .	Did the doctors help the author ?	no
The athletes encouraged the artist .	Did the artist encourage the athletes ?	no
The president thanked the artist .	Did the artist thank the president ?	no
The student contacted the manager .	Did the manager contact the student ?	no
The scientist contacted the senators .	Did the senators contact the scientist ?	no
The manager supported the professors .	Did the professors support the manager ?	no
The student stopped the actor .	Did the actor stop the student ?	no
The artist recognized the presidents .	Did the presidents recognize the artist ?	no
The student thanked the doctors .	Did the doctors thank the student ?	no
The senators avoided the author .	Did the author avoid the senators ?	no
The banker introduced the athlete .	Did the athlete introduce the banker ?	no
The scientist contacted the lawyers .	Did the lawyers contact the scientist ?	no
The athletes recommended the students .	Did the students recommend the athletes ?	no
The senators helped the secretary .	Did the secretary help the senators ?	no
The tourists recommended the actors .	Did the actors recommend the tourists ?	no
The athlete avoided the actors .	Did the actors avoid the athlete ?	no
The senators believed the athlete .	Did the athlete believe the senators ?	no
The tourist called the banker .	Did the banker call the tourist ?	no
The student helped the scientists .	Did the scientists help the student ?	no
The scientists admired the professor .	Did the professor admire the scientists ?	no
The senator avoided the lawyers .	Did the lawyers avoid the senator ?	no
The actor admired the judge .	Did the judge admire the actor ?	no
The judge stopped the student .	Did the student stop the judge ?	no
The artist mentioned the lawyer .	Did the lawyer mention the artist ?	no
The author helped the manager .	Did the manager help the author ?	no
The secretary encouraged the banker .	Did the banker encourage the secretary ?	no
The secretaries avoided the doctors .	Did the doctors avoid the secretaries ?	no
The president introduced the athlete .	Did the athlete introduce the president ?	no
The author thanked the scientist .	Did the scientist thank the author ?	no
The presidents thanked the athletes .	Did the athletes thank the presidents ?	no
The president introduced the secretaries .	Did the secretaries introduce the president ?	no
The secretary thanked the lawyers .	Did the lawyers thank the secretary ?	no
The artists admired the athlete .	Did the athlete admire the artists ?	no
The scientists saw the senators .	Did the senators see the scientists ?	no
The managers called the judge .	Did the judge call the managers ?	no
The managers mentioned the tourists .	Did the tourists mention the managers ?	no
The artist avoided the lawyers .	Did the lawyers avoid the artist ?	no
The judges saw the lawyers .	Did the lawyers see the judges ?	no
The secretaries thanked the scientists .	Did the scientists thank the secretaries ?	no
The senators thanked the doctor .	Did the doctor thank the senators ?	no
The senator introduced the manager .	Did the manager introduce the senator ?	no
The doctors believed the judges .	Did the judges believe the doctors ?	no
The artist called the authors .	Did the authors call the artist ?	no
The tourists believed the managers .	Did the managers believe the tourists ?	no
The students contacted the senators .	Did the senators contact the students ?	no
The lawyers mentioned the actors .	Did the actors mention the lawyers ?	no
The scientists advised the actors .	Did the actors advise the scientists ?	no
The doctor supported the secretaries .	Did the secretaries support the doctor ?	no
The tourist encouraged the president .	Did the president encourage the tourist ?	no
The presidents supported the tourist .	Did the tourist support the presidents ?	no
The secretaries introduced the judge .	Did the judge introduce the secretaries ?	no
The athletes thanked the secretary .	Did the secretary thank the athletes ?	no
The presidents recommended the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recommend the presidents ?	no
The senator recognized the author .	Did the author recognize the senator ?	no
The lawyer saw the secretary .	Did the secretary see the lawyer ?	no
The judges thanked the actor .	Did the actor thank the judges ?	no
The artists believed the actors .	Did the actors believe the artists ?	no
The senators mentioned the banker .	Did the banker mention the senators ?	no
The judge recognized the managers .	Did the managers recognize the judge ?	no
The lawyer stopped the presidents .	Did the presidents stop the lawyer ?	no
The scientist believed the professors .	Did the professors believe the scientist ?	no
The bankers recognized the secretaries .	Did the secretaries recognize the bankers ?	no
The doctors introduced the managers .	Did the managers introduce the doctors ?	no
The tourist contacted the secretaries .	Did the secretaries contact the tourist ?	no
The actor helped the student .	Did the student help the actor ?	no
The secretary called the authors .	Did the authors call the secretary ?	no
The secretaries introduced the tourist .	Did the tourist introduce the secretaries ?	no
The lawyers avoided the professor .	Did the professor avoid the lawyers ?	no
The lawyer called the banker .	Did the banker call the lawyer ?	no
The judge avoided the actors .	Did the actors avoid the judge ?	no
The senators encouraged the lawyers .	Did the lawyers encourage the senators ?	no
The student saw the bankers .	Did the bankers see the student ?	no
The student avoided the doctors .	Did the doctors avoid the student ?	no
The secretary supported the judges .	Did the judges support the secretary ?	no
The senator mentioned the banker .	Did the banker mention the senator ?	no
The author recommended the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recommend the author ?	no
The professors contacted the doctor .	Did the doctor contact the professors ?	no
The presidents believed the doctor .	Did the doctor believe the presidents ?	no
The secretaries admired the author .	Did the author admire the secretaries ?	no
The lawyer admired the bankers .	Did the bankers admire the lawyer ?	no
The judge encouraged the banker .	Did the banker encourage the judge ?	no
The professor called the managers .	Did the managers call the professor ?	no
The senator saw the artists .	Did the artists see the senator ?	no
The presidents saw the student .	Did the student see the presidents ?	no
The actors encouraged the senators .	Did the senators encourage the actors ?	no
The senator admired the scientists .	Did the scientists admire the senator ?	no
The tourists thanked the author .	Did the author thank the tourists ?	no
The presidents admired the student .	Did the student admire the presidents ?	no
The athlete helped the secretaries .	Did the secretaries help the athlete ?	no
The presidents thanked the scientists .	Did the scientists thank the presidents ?	no
The senator believed the tourists .	Did the tourists believe the senator ?	no
The senators believed the secretaries .	Did the secretaries believe the senators ?	no
The doctor contacted the athlete .	Did the athlete contact the doctor ?	no
The actor encouraged the tourist .	Did the tourist encourage the actor ?	no
The students supported the professor .	Did the professor support the students ?	no
The presidents advised the athletes .	Did the athletes advise the presidents ?	no
The tourists encouraged the author .	Did the author encourage the tourists ?	no
The presidents believed the managers .	Did the managers believe the presidents ?	no
The senator recognized the athlete .	Did the athlete recognize the senator ?	no
The senators mentioned the managers .	Did the managers mention the senators ?	no
The artists admired the managers .	Did the managers admire the artists ?	no
The tourists recognized the judge .	Did the judge recognize the tourists ?	no
The secretary saw the author .	Did the author see the secretary ?	no
The author mentioned the presidents .	Did the presidents mention the author ?	no
The secretary mentioned the presidents .	Did the presidents mention the secretary ?	no
The manager believed the actor .	Did the actor believe the manager ?	no
The actors believed the president .	Did the president believe the actors ?	no
The managers avoided the senator .	Did the senator avoid the managers ?	no
The doctor mentioned the manager .	Did the manager mention the doctor ?	no
The presidents recommended the students .	Did the students recommend the presidents ?	no
The lawyers encouraged the scientists .	Did the scientists encourage the lawyers ?	no
The athletes advised the tourists .	Did the tourists advise the athletes ?	no
The scientist helped the doctor .	Did the doctor help the scientist ?	no
The author admired the banker .	Did the banker admire the author ?	no
The athletes admired the president .	Did the president admire the athletes ?	no
The student stopped the artist .	Did the artist stop the student ?	no
The athletes called the doctor .	Did the doctor call the athletes ?	no
The scientists called the lawyers .	Did the lawyers call the scientists ?	no
The student supported the manager .	Did the manager support the student ?	no
The tourists thanked the bankers .	Did the bankers thank the tourists ?	no
The senators recommended the tourists .	Did the tourists recommend the senators ?	no
The scientists encouraged the bankers .	Did the bankers encourage the scientists ?	no
The president advised the authors .	Did the authors advise the president ?	no
The secretary admired the athlete .	Did the athlete admire the secretary ?	no
The actors supported the judge .	Did the judge support the actors ?	no
The judges avoided the artists .	Did the artists avoid the judges ?	no
The doctor mentioned the managers .	Did the managers mention the doctor ?	no
The banker called the lawyer .	Did the lawyer call the banker ?	no
The student thanked the judges .	Did the judges thank the student ?	no
The professor thanked the artist .	Did the artist thank the professor ?	no
The president believed the judges .	Did the judges believe the president ?	no
The secretaries encouraged the artists .	Did the artists encourage the secretaries ?	no
The senator believed the actor .	Did the actor believe the senator ?	no
The lawyer mentioned the professor .	Did the professor mention the lawyer ?	no
The professors supported the scientists .	Did the scientists support the professors ?	no
The senators advised the manager .	Did the manager advise the senators ?	no
The senators avoided the lawyers .	Did the lawyers avoid the senators ?	no
The tourist admired the actor .	Did the actor admire the tourist ?	no
The actor encouraged the judge .	Did the judge encourage the actor ?	no
The judge encouraged the senators .	Did the senators encourage the judge ?	no
The authors mentioned the professors .	Did the professors mention the authors ?	no
The senator admired the actor .	Did the actor admire the senator ?	no
The managers supported the student .	Did the student support the managers ?	no
The artist saw the athlete .	Did the athlete see the artist ?	no
The senators saw the student .	Did the student see the senators ?	no
The doctor recommended the senator .	Did the senator recommend the doctor ?	no
The judges mentioned the tourist .	Did the tourist mention the judges ?	no
The athletes thanked the presidents .	Did the presidents thank the athletes ?	no
The bankers mentioned the senator .	Did the senator mention the bankers ?	no
The secretary recommended the athlete .	Did the athlete recommend the secretary ?	no
The actors thanked the professor .	Did the professor thank the actors ?	no
The lawyers introduced the judge .	Did the judge introduce the lawyers ?	no
The managers supported the banker .	Did the banker support the managers ?	no
The students recognized the president .	Did the president recognize the students ?	no
The lawyer stopped the student .	Did the student stop the lawyer ?	no
The author saw the professors .	Did the professors see the author ?	no
The presidents stopped the professors .	Did the professors stop the presidents ?	no
The artist contacted the tourists .	Did the tourists contact the artist ?	no
The scientist recommended the banker .	Did the banker recommend the scientist ?	no
The tourist introduced the manager .	Did the manager introduce the tourist ?	no
The authors helped the athletes .	Did the athletes help the authors ?	no
The doctors advised the judge .	Did the judge advise the doctors ?	no
The actors advised the doctors .	Did the doctors advise the actors ?	no
The senator helped the judges .	Did the judges help the senator ?	no
The banker avoided the author .	Did the author avoid the banker ?	no
The presidents recognized the secretary .	Did the secretary recognize the presidents ?	no
The banker recognized the lawyers .	Did the lawyers recognize the banker ?	no
The actor contacted the artists .	Did the artists contact the actor ?	no
The athlete recommended the actor .	Did the actor recommend the athlete ?	no
The secretary recommended the actor .	Did the actor recommend the secretary ?	no
The secretaries admired the lawyers .	Did the lawyers admire the secretaries ?	no
The artists introduced the professor .	Did the professor introduce the artists ?	no
The senators contacted the athlete .	Did the athlete contact the senators ?	no
The artist introduced the doctors .	Did the doctors introduce the artist ?	no
The tourists supported the students .	Did the students support the tourists ?	no
The secretaries admired the manager .	Did the manager admire the secretaries ?	no
The doctors thanked the scientists .	Did the scientists thank the doctors ?	no
The manager supported the athlete .	Did the athlete support the manager ?	no
The professor introduced the managers .	Did the managers introduce the professor ?	no
The professor mentioned the author .	Did the author mention the professor ?	no
The artists stopped the athletes .	Did the athletes stop the artists ?	no
The scientists stopped the doctors .	Did the doctors stop the scientists ?	no
The tourist mentioned the presidents .	Did the presidents mention the tourist ?	no
The doctor thanked the actors .	Did the actors thank the doctor ?	no
The student advised the doctor .	Did the doctor advise the student ?	no
The banker helped the tourists .	Did the tourists help the banker ?	no
The presidents mentioned the professors .	Did the professors mention the presidents ?	no
The lawyer admired the secretaries .	Did the secretaries admire the lawyer ?	no
The lawyers called the tourist .	Did the tourist call the lawyers ?	no
The judge avoided the secretary .	Did the secretary avoid the judge ?	no
The professor saw the authors .	Did the authors see the professor ?	no
The managers believed the judges .	Did the judges believe the managers ?	no
The students saw the managers .	Did the managers see the students ?	no
The secretaries introduced the presidents .	Did the presidents introduce the secretaries ?	no
The professor mentioned the scientists .	Did the scientists mention the professor ?	no
The doctors admired the bankers .	Did the bankers admire the doctors ?	no
The authors believed the secretary .	Did the secretary believe the authors ?	no
The student introduced the manager .	Did the manager introduce the student ?	no
The actors recommended the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recommend the actors ?	no
The manager believed the scientists .	Did the scientists believe the manager ?	no
The actors introduced the president .	Did the president introduce the actors ?	no
The judges admired the managers .	Did the managers admire the judges ?	no
The students saw the scientists .	Did the scientists see the students ?	no
The scientist believed the doctors .	Did the doctors believe the scientist ?	no
The lawyer introduced the athlete .	Did the athlete introduce the lawyer ?	no
The athletes admired the students .	Did the students admire the athletes ?	no
The secretaries advised the doctors .	Did the doctors advise the secretaries ?	no
The athlete introduced the tourists .	Did the tourists introduce the athlete ?	no
The senator thanked the scientist .	Did the scientist thank the senator ?	no
The artists avoided the professor .	Did the professor avoid the artists ?	no
The presidents thanked the lawyers .	Did the lawyers thank the presidents ?	no
The managers saw the senator .	Did the senator see the managers ?	no
The lawyer recognized the athlete .	Did the athlete recognize the lawyer ?	no
The judges recognized the actor .	Did the actor recognize the judges ?	no
The student advised the judges .	Did the judges advise the student ?	no
The student recognized the artists .	Did the artists recognize the student ?	no
The senator recognized the actor .	Did the actor recognize the senator ?	no
The doctors introduced the student .	Did the student introduce the doctors ?	no
The doctors stopped the scientists .	Did the scientists stop the doctors ?	no
The professor recognized the student .	Did the student recognize the professor ?	no
The artists saw the judges .	Did the judges see the artists ?	no
The students encouraged the secretaries .	Did the secretaries encourage the students ?	no
The artist helped the authors .	Did the authors help the artist ?	no
The bankers avoided the student .	Did the student avoid the bankers ?	no
The bankers helped the president .	Did the president help the bankers ?	no
The president helped the actor .	Did the actor help the president ?	no
The lawyers introduced the bankers .	Did the bankers introduce the lawyers ?	no
The scientists believed the senator .	Did the senator believe the scientists ?	no
The judge recognized the athlete .	Did the athlete recognize the judge ?	no
The student saw the manager .	Did the manager see the student ?	no
The authors avoided the lawyer .	Did the lawyer avoid the authors ?	no
The tourist avoided the actor .	Did the actor avoid the tourist ?	no
The students stopped the author .	Did the author stop the students ?	no
The judge advised the scientist .	Did the scientist advise the judge ?	no
The artist thanked the presidents .	Did the presidents thank the artist ?	no
The professors saw the judges .	Did the judges see the professors ?	no
The artists stopped the students .	Did the students stop the artists ?	no
The authors saw the president .	Did the president see the authors ?	no
The lawyer advised the tourist .	Did the tourist advise the lawyer ?	no
The presidents saw the managers .	Did the managers see the presidents ?	no
The lawyers called the bankers .	Did the bankers call the lawyers ?	no
The authors recommended the senators .	Did the senators recommend the authors ?	no
The doctors supported the athletes .	Did the athletes support the doctors ?	no
The tourist called the scientist .	Did the scientist call the tourist ?	no
The artist called the scientists .	Did the scientists call the artist ?	no
The senators recommended the president .	Did the president recommend the senators ?	no
The scientist mentioned the senators .	Did the senators mention the scientist ?	no
The manager believed the doctors .	Did the doctors believe the manager ?	no
The tourists called the judges .	Did the judges call the tourists ?	no
The secretaries encouraged the professor .	Did the professor encourage the secretaries ?	no
The actor introduced the senators .	Did the senators introduce the actor ?	no
The judges recognized the scientist .	Did the scientist recognize the judges ?	no
The athlete believed the students .	Did the students believe the athlete ?	no
The artists helped the author .	Did the author help the artists ?	no
The student mentioned the authors .	Did the authors mention the student ?	no
The presidents advised the judges .	Did the judges advise the presidents ?	no
The athletes encouraged the banker .	Did the banker encourage the athletes ?	no
The artist saw the judges .	Did the judges see the artist ?	no
The actors advised the professors .	Did the professors advise the actors ?	no
The author recommended the secretaries .	Did the secretaries recommend the author ?	no
The secretary recognized the senators .	Did the senators recognize the secretary ?	no
The authors encouraged the manager .	Did the manager encourage the authors ?	no
The senator believed the artist .	Did the artist believe the senator ?	no
The lawyers avoided the presidents .	Did the presidents avoid the lawyers ?	no
The author admired the scientists .	Did the scientists admire the author ?	no
The secretary admired the student .	Did the student admire the secretary ?	no
The student advised the lawyer .	Did the lawyer advise the student ?	no
The artist called the secretaries .	Did the secretaries call the artist ?	no
The professor stopped the tourists .	Did the tourists stop the professor ?	no
The athletes mentioned the senators .	Did the senators mention the athletes ?	no
The doctors thanked the secretaries .	Did the secretaries thank the doctors ?	no
The managers admired the lawyers .	Did the lawyers admire the managers ?	no
The senator admired the tourists .	Did the tourists admire the senator ?	no
The doctors avoided the secretaries .	Did the secretaries avoid the doctors ?	no
The doctors encouraged the authors .	Did the authors encourage the doctors ?	no
The judge called the manager .	Did the manager call the judge ?	no
The banker thanked the professor .	Did the professor thank the banker ?	no
The author supported the scientist .	Did the scientist support the author ?	no
The artist avoided the senator .	Did the senator avoid the artist ?	no
The tourist saw the actor .	Did the actor see the tourist ?	no
The athlete mentioned the secretary .	Did the secretary mention the athlete ?	no
The doctors helped the students .	Did the students help the doctors ?	no
The student introduced the judge .	Did the judge introduce the student ?	no
The student advised the presidents .	Did the presidents advise the student ?	no
The doctor advised the secretary .	Did the secretary advise the doctor ?	no
The professor helped the manager .	Did the manager help the professor ?	no
The lawyer believed the scientists .	Did the scientists believe the lawyer ?	no
The banker stopped the secretary .	Did the secretary stop the banker ?	no
The tourist mentioned the secretary .	Did the secretary mention the tourist ?	no
The lawyers recommended the tourist .	Did the tourist recommend the lawyers ?	no
The tourists recommended the banker .	Did the banker recommend the tourists ?	no
The artists contacted the bankers .	Did the bankers contact the artists ?	no
The managers supported the president .	Did the president support the managers ?	no
The judge thanked the professors .	Did the professors thank the judge ?	no
The secretary admired the president .	Did the president admire the secretary ?	no
The actor recommended the athlete .	Did the athlete recommend the actor ?	no
The student advised the actors .	Did the actors advise the student ?	no
The banker encouraged the athlete .	Did the athlete encourage the banker ?	no
The judges thanked the secretary .	Did the secretary thank the judges ?	no
The authors stopped the artists .	Did the artists stop the authors ?	no
The secretary supported the author .	Did the author support the secretary ?	no
The student introduced the author .	Did the author introduce the student ?	no
The scientist advised the bankers .	Did the bankers advise the scientist ?	no
The senator recognized the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recognize the senator ?	no
The senator thanked the author .	Did the author thank the senator ?	no
The professors saw the banker .	Did the banker see the professors ?	no
The actor believed the tourists .	Did the tourists believe the actor ?	no
The authors introduced the president .	Did the president introduce the authors ?	no
The scientist admired the banker .	Did the banker admire the scientist ?	no
The judge admired the lawyer .	Did the lawyer admire the judge ?	no
The secretary encouraged the artist .	Did the artist encourage the secretary ?	no
The actors recognized the senator .	Did the senator recognize the actors ?	no
The student admired the secretary .	Did the secretary admire the student ?	no
The judges saw the scientists .	Did the scientists see the judges ?	no
The judge contacted the bankers .	Did the bankers contact the judge ?	no
The actors supported the doctor .	Did the doctor support the actors ?	no
The artist thanked the manager .	Did the manager thank the artist ?	no
The athletes believed the managers .	Did the managers believe the athletes ?	no
The bankers mentioned the athletes .	Did the athletes mention the bankers ?	no
The actor recommended the presidents .	Did the presidents recommend the actor ?	no
The scientists admired the presidents .	Did the presidents admire the scientists ?	no
The athletes called the senators .	Did the senators call the athletes ?	no
The tourist admired the senators .	Did the senators admire the tourist ?	no
The tourist avoided the presidents .	Did the presidents avoid the tourist ?	no
The judge avoided the president .	Did the president avoid the judge ?	no
The athlete recognized the president .	Did the president recognize the athlete ?	no
The tourist called the students .	Did the students call the tourist ?	no
The secretaries supported the president .	Did the president support the secretaries ?	no
The students recommended the author .	Did the author recommend the students ?	no
The senator avoided the president .	Did the president avoid the senator ?	no
The scientist admired the managers .	Did the managers admire the scientist ?	no
The professor recommended the doctors .	Did the doctors recommend the professor ?	no
The secretary recognized the athlete .	Did the athlete recognize the secretary ?	no
The scientists stopped the manager .	Did the manager stop the scientists ?	no
The president recognized the student .	Did the student recognize the president ?	no
The actor introduced the artist .	Did the artist introduce the actor ?	no
The artist helped the tourists .	Did the tourists help the artist ?	no
The professor saw the lawyers .	Did the lawyers see the professor ?	no
The student advised the senators .	Did the senators advise the student ?	no
The student thanked the senator .	Did the senator thank the student ?	no
The secretaries saw the author .	Did the author see the secretaries ?	no
The actor recognized the bankers .	Did the bankers recognize the actor ?	no
The judge advised the banker .	Did the banker advise the judge ?	no
The athlete recommended the secretary .	Did the secretary recommend the athlete ?	no
The senator avoided the student .	Did the student avoid the senator ?	no
The banker introduced the student .	Did the student introduce the banker ?	no
The scientists admired the judges .	Did the judges admire the scientists ?	no
The presidents admired the athletes .	Did the athletes admire the presidents ?	no
The managers thanked the tourists .	Did the tourists thank the managers ?	no
The doctor admired the artists .	Did the artists admire the doctor ?	no
The banker supported the tourists .	Did the tourists support the banker ?	no
The authors admired the scientists .	Did the scientists admire the authors ?	no
The students mentioned the banker .	Did the banker mention the students ?	no
The secretaries saw the lawyer .	Did the lawyer see the secretaries ?	no
The author admired the manager .	Did the manager admire the author ?	no
The athletes recognized the students .	Did the students recognize the athletes ?	no
The bankers contacted the students .	Did the students contact the bankers ?	no
The presidents avoided the secretary .	Did the secretary avoid the presidents ?	no
The athletes stopped the senators .	Did the senators stop the athletes ?	no
The president helped the doctor .	Did the doctor help the president ?	no
The authors believed the tourist .	Did the tourist believe the authors ?	no
The athletes encouraged the tourists .	Did the tourists encourage the athletes ?	no
The presidents stopped the senators .	Did the senators stop the presidents ?	no
The managers stopped the doctors .	Did the doctors stop the managers ?	no
The professor stopped the artist .	Did the artist stop the professor ?	no
The manager admired the athletes .	Did the athletes admire the manager ?	no
The managers recognized the author .	Did the author recognize the managers ?	no
The doctors encouraged the actors .	Did the actors encourage the doctors ?	no
The author admired the presidents .	Did the presidents admire the author ?	no
The secretary recommended the author .	Did the author recommend the secretary ?	no
The judges contacted the tourists .	Did the tourists contact the judges ?	no
The artists encouraged the secretaries .	Did the secretaries encourage the artists ?	no
The doctor helped the students .	Did the students help the doctor ?	no
The artists contacted the scientists .	Did the scientists contact the artists ?	no
The judges recommended the scientists .	Did the scientists recommend the judges ?	no
The judge thanked the athlete .	Did the athlete thank the judge ?	no
The presidents recommended the professors .	Did the professors recommend the presidents ?	no
The scientist recognized the author .	Did the author recognize the scientist ?	no
The artists mentioned the senator .	Did the senator mention the artists ?	no
The athlete called the tourists .	Did the tourists call the athlete ?	no
The author helped the scientist .	Did the scientist help the author ?	no
The president recommended the managers .	Did the managers recommend the president ?	no
The senator encouraged the scientists .	Did the scientists encourage the senator ?	no
The athletes helped the actor .	Did the actor help the athletes ?	no
The scientists advised the secretary .	Did the secretary advise the scientists ?	no
The actor avoided the managers .	Did the managers avoid the actor ?	no
The doctors introduced the artist .	Did the artist introduce the doctors ?	no
The senators helped the authors .	Did the authors help the senators ?	no
The author supported the doctors .	Did the doctors support the author ?	no
The secretaries supported the scientists .	Did the scientists support the secretaries ?	no
The athlete contacted the senators .	Did the senators contact the athlete ?	no
The authors advised the athletes .	Did the athletes advise the authors ?	no
The banker advised the manager .	Did the manager advise the banker ?	no
The doctors believed the lawyers .	Did the lawyers believe the doctors ?	no
The author mentioned the athletes .	Did the athletes mention the author ?	no
The banker saw the actors .	Did the actors see the banker ?	no
The judge called the scientist .	Did the scientist call the judge ?	no
The author introduced the professors .	Did the professors introduce the author ?	no
The students mentioned the presidents .	Did the presidents mention the students ?	no
The doctor saw the authors .	Did the authors see the doctor ?	no
The professors supported the actor .	Did the actor support the professors ?	no
The authors saw the presidents .	Did the presidents see the authors ?	no
The scientist advised the doctor .	Did the doctor advise the scientist ?	no
The secretaries stopped the student .	Did the student stop the secretaries ?	no
The doctor thanked the lawyer .	Did the lawyer thank the doctor ?	no
The judge called the tourist .	Did the tourist call the judge ?	no
The tourists stopped the banker .	Did the banker stop the tourists ?	no
The president encouraged the doctor .	Did the doctor encourage the president ?	no
The lawyer recommended the athlete .	Did the athlete recommend the lawyer ?	no
The manager introduced the tourists .	Did the tourists introduce the manager ?	no
The professors supported the tourists in front of the secretary .	Did the tourists support the professors ?	no
The senators supported the secretary in front of the doctor .	Did the doctor support the senators ?	no
The judges admired the senator behind the professor .	Did the senator admire the judges ?	no
The professor supported the manager in front of the banker .	Did the banker support the professor ?	no
The judge in front of the manager saw the doctors .	Did the doctors see the judge ?	no
The president next to the professor stopped the doctor .	Did the professor stop the president ?	no
The judges by the tourists called the artists .	Did the artists call the judges ?	no
The students by the judge helped the president .	Did the judge help the students ?	no
The scientists helped the senator behind the judge .	Did the judge help the scientists ?	no
The secretaries next to the lawyer advised the scientist .	Did the scientist advise the lawyer ?	no
The senators behind the lawyer contacted the student .	Did the student contact the senators ?	no
The senators in front of the presidents introduced the athletes .	Did the presidents introduce the senators ?	no
The judges helped the athletes near the president .	Did the athletes help the president ?	no
The author believed the lawyer next to the bankers .	Did the bankers believe the author ?	no
The senator supported the artist near the presidents .	Did the artist support the senator ?	no
The secretary near the student supported the tourists .	Did the tourists support the secretary ?	no
The actors introduced the scientist by the senator .	Did the senator introduce the actors ?	no
The presidents called the secretaries by the managers .	Did the managers call the presidents ?	no
The judge by the manager contacted the senator .	Did the senator contact the manager ?	no
The bankers stopped the judge near the doctors .	Did the doctors stop the bankers ?	no
The authors introduced the lawyer near the judges .	Did the lawyer introduce the authors ?	no
The senator avoided the bankers by the scientist .	Did the bankers avoid the scientist ?	no
The presidents avoided the managers by the actor .	Did the managers avoid the actor ?	no
The judges behind the managers stopped the actor .	Did the managers stop the judges ?	no
The students near the scientists saw the artists .	Did the scientists see the students ?	no
The tourist contacted the banker behind the students .	Did the banker contact the students ?	no
The lawyers behind the senator admired the doctor .	Did the doctor admire the senator ?	no
The managers mentioned the judges next to the tourist .	Did the tourist mention the managers ?	no
The judge behind the presidents mentioned the artists .	Did the artists mention the presidents ?	no
The judges behind the lawyers called the actor .	Did the actor call the lawyers ?	no
The tourist next to the lawyer stopped the professors .	Did the lawyer stop the tourist ?	no
The athlete in front of the judges mentioned the student .	Did the judges mention the athlete ?	no
The judge advised the professor in front of the scientist .	Did the scientist advise the judge ?	no
The senators recognized the managers near the doctors .	Did the managers recognize the senators ?	no
The author avoided the athletes next to the professor .	Did the professor avoid the author ?	no
The lawyers mentioned the doctors near the actor .	Did the doctors mention the lawyers ?	no
The senators saw the artist near the judge .	Did the artist see the senators ?	no
The tourists helped the judge near the students .	Did the judge help the tourists ?	no
The presidents stopped the student by the professors .	Did the student stop the presidents ?	no
The senator by the banker encouraged the author .	Did the author encourage the banker ?	no
The bankers recommended the actors by the presidents .	Did the presidents recommend the bankers ?	no
The lawyers in front of the judge avoided the tourists .	Did the tourists avoid the lawyers ?	no
The artists next to the lawyers supported the student .	Did the lawyers support the artists ?	no
The artists avoided the students near the presidents .	Did the students avoid the presidents ?	no
The scientist behind the athletes called the lawyer .	Did the lawyer call the athletes ?	no
The actor recommended the lawyer near the tourists .	Did the tourists recommend the actor ?	no
The scientist contacted the artists next to the managers .	Did the managers contact the scientist ?	no
The professors encouraged the manager by the lawyers .	Did the manager encourage the professors ?	no
The secretaries by the senator contacted the athletes .	Did the senator contact the secretaries ?	no
The students next to the manager believed the presidents .	Did the presidents believe the students ?	no
The secretary in front of the athlete stopped the professor .	Did the professor stop the secretary ?	no
The secretary believed the athletes by the students .	Did the athletes believe the secretary ?	no
The student encouraged the scientists by the tourists .	Did the scientists encourage the student ?	no
The banker believed the artists behind the authors .	Did the artists believe the banker ?	no
The tourists behind the actors believed the judges .	Did the judges believe the actors ?	no
The doctor recognized the senators by the artist .	Did the senators recognize the artist ?	no
The judge by the athletes believed the lawyers .	Did the lawyers believe the judge ?	no
The artist encouraged the professors next to the judge .	Did the professors encourage the judge ?	no
The managers behind the student recommended the author .	Did the author recommend the managers ?	no
The judges saw the senators behind the artist .	Did the artist see the judges ?	no
The presidents behind the doctors supported the actors .	Did the actors support the presidents ?	no
The lawyer by the professors believed the secretary .	Did the professors believe the lawyer ?	no
The presidents next to the secretary called the scientist .	Did the secretary call the presidents ?	no
The authors behind the presidents believed the actor .	Did the presidents believe the authors ?	no
The student introduced the actors behind the presidents .	Did the presidents introduce the student ?	no
The professor encouraged the senators next to the manager .	Did the manager encourage the professor ?	no
The author called the manager next to the doctors .	Did the manager call the author ?	no
The scientists recommended the banker near the tourist .	Did the banker recommend the scientists ?	no
The secretaries introduced the manager near the tourists .	Did the tourists introduce the secretaries ?	no
The doctor helped the professor near the actors .	Did the professor help the doctor ?	no
The authors by the senators advised the presidents .	Did the presidents advise the authors ?	no
The lawyer introduced the athlete in front of the judge .	Did the judge introduce the lawyer ?	no
The author advised the athlete next to the managers .	Did the athlete advise the managers ?	no
The judge admired the actors next to the doctor .	Did the doctor admire the judge ?	no
The senators next to the author contacted the professor .	Did the professor contact the author ?	no
The president saw the secretary behind the professors .	Did the secretary see the president ?	no
The tourists next to the secretaries supported the artist .	Did the artist support the secretaries ?	no
The students recommended the secretary behind the scientist .	Did the secretary recommend the students ?	no
The students introduced the managers next to the lawyer .	Did the lawyer introduce the students ?	no
The managers next to the president introduced the secretaries .	Did the president introduce the managers ?	no
The banker recommended the judge by the presidents .	Did the judge recommend the presidents ?	no
The students stopped the actors next to the professors .	Did the actors stop the students ?	no
The lawyers next to the doctors helped the secretary .	Did the secretary help the lawyers ?	no
The senators next to the lawyer stopped the president .	Did the lawyer stop the senators ?	no
The athletes helped the students next to the tourists .	Did the students help the tourists ?	no
The lawyer encouraged the president near the judges .	Did the president encourage the lawyer ?	no
The athlete behind the doctors supported the presidents .	Did the presidents support the doctors ?	no
The actor behind the athletes encouraged the professors .	Did the professors encourage the athletes ?	no
The tourists near the senator mentioned the managers .	Did the managers mention the tourists ?	no
The athletes next to the secretaries introduced the presidents .	Did the presidents introduce the athletes ?	no
The authors recognized the tourist next to the secretary .	Did the secretary recognize the authors ?	no
The presidents introduced the judge in front of the doctors .	Did the judge introduce the doctors ?	no
The students next to the scientist supported the tourist .	Did the scientist support the students ?	no
The professors called the bankers next to the student .	Did the bankers call the professors ?	no
The artist stopped the actors behind the doctor .	Did the doctor stop the artist ?	no
The authors next to the scientist thanked the artist .	Did the artist thank the scientist ?	no
The artist supported the author by the doctor .	Did the author support the doctor ?	no
The authors avoided the doctors next to the professors .	Did the doctors avoid the professors ?	no
The president saw the artist behind the secretary .	Did the secretary see the president ?	no
The managers next to the presidents encouraged the tourists .	Did the tourists encourage the presidents ?	no
The athletes in front of the senators mentioned the actors .	Did the actors mention the senators ?	no
The actors saw the lawyer next to the scientist .	Did the lawyer see the scientist ?	no
The banker in front of the managers recognized the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recognize the managers ?	no
The secretary contacted the judges next to the artists .	Did the artists contact the secretary ?	no
The senators next to the doctors stopped the banker .	Did the banker stop the doctors ?	no
The professor near the lawyers avoided the secretary .	Did the lawyers avoid the professor ?	no
The authors behind the banker encouraged the students .	Did the banker encourage the authors ?	no
The senators in front of the professor saw the secretary .	Did the secretary see the senators ?	no
The secretaries by the professors believed the author .	Did the professors believe the secretaries ?	no
The artists saw the scientists in front of the manager .	Did the scientists see the manager ?	no
The secretaries avoided the actors in front of the president .	Did the actors avoid the president ?	no
The scientist next to the senators recognized the actors .	Did the actors recognize the scientist ?	no
The judge behind the lawyers avoided the scientists .	Did the lawyers avoid the judge ?	no
The scientists supported the student next to the artists .	Did the student support the artists ?	no
The artist near the tourists helped the secretaries .	Did the tourists help the artist ?	no
The professor avoided the presidents next to the senators .	Did the presidents avoid the professor ?	no
The students in front of the professors advised the banker .	Did the banker advise the students ?	no
The student near the bankers avoided the artist .	Did the artist avoid the bankers ?	no
The athletes mentioned the actors in front of the artist .	Did the actors mention the athletes ?	no
The judge near the senators encouraged the athlete .	Did the athlete encourage the judge ?	no
The secretaries advised the artist in front of the author .	Did the artist advise the secretaries ?	no
The professors by the senators mentioned the manager .	Did the senators mention the professors ?	no
The professors believed the artists near the tourist .	Did the tourist believe the professors ?	no
The doctors near the professor recommended the author .	Did the author recommend the professor ?	no
The artists next to the lawyers called the secretary .	Did the lawyers call the artists ?	no
The judges next to the lawyers avoided the bankers .	Did the bankers avoid the judges ?	no
The senators encouraged the athletes behind the manager .	Did the athletes encourage the manager ?	no
The managers next to the secretaries helped the artist .	Did the artist help the managers ?	no
The author thanked the doctor behind the tourists .	Did the tourists thank the author ?	no
The artist encouraged the judge by the banker .	Did the judge encourage the banker ?	no
The lawyers next to the authors advised the actor .	Did the actor advise the lawyers ?	no
The lawyer stopped the artists behind the presidents .	Did the presidents stop the lawyer ?	no
The professor admired the judge in front of the secretaries .	Did the judge admire the professor ?	no
The scientist believed the senator in front of the manager .	Did the manager believe the scientist ?	no
The judges near the professors recommended the bankers .	Did the bankers recommend the judges ?	no
The tourist called the banker next to the judges .	Did the banker call the judges ?	no
The authors stopped the secretaries next to the lawyer .	Did the lawyer stop the authors ?	no
The president stopped the manager next to the scientists .	Did the scientists stop the president ?	no
The senators advised the professors behind the doctors .	Did the doctors advise the senators ?	no
The professor behind the president thanked the students .	Did the president thank the professor ?	no
The bankers contacted the tourists behind the president .	Did the tourists contact the bankers ?	no
The lawyers mentioned the secretary by the student .	Did the secretary mention the lawyers ?	no
The students encouraged the lawyers near the senators .	Did the lawyers encourage the senators ?	no
The athlete in front of the doctor believed the professor .	Did the doctor believe the athlete ?	no
The tourists thanked the students by the authors .	Did the students thank the authors ?	no
The tourist in front of the president contacted the students .	Did the president contact the tourist ?	no
The artist by the authors advised the professor .	Did the professor advise the authors ?	no
The lawyer next to the doctor contacted the managers .	Did the doctor contact the lawyer ?	no
The senator recommended the judge in front of the author .	Did the author recommend the senator ?	no
The manager behind the judge supported the banker .	Did the judge support the manager ?	no
The secretaries by the professor stopped the scientist .	Did the scientist stop the professor ?	no
The president recognized the tourists behind the artist .	Did the tourists recognize the artist ?	no
The authors contacted the secretary near the athlete .	Did the secretary contact the athlete ?	no
The authors supported the judges behind the doctor .	Did the judges support the doctor ?	no
The artists by the presidents recommended the judges .	Did the judges recommend the artists ?	no
The students in front of the professor avoided the lawyers .	Did the professor avoid the students ?	no
The senators in front of the lawyers avoided the athlete .	Did the lawyers avoid the senators ?	no
The managers recognized the lawyer behind the secretary .	Did the lawyer recognize the managers ?	no
The actor called the student in front of the tourist .	Did the student call the tourist ?	no
The lawyers introduced the scientists in front of the author .	Did the scientists introduce the author ?	no
The student helped the judge near the secretary .	Did the secretary help the student ?	no
The managers recommended the doctor near the presidents .	Did the doctor recommend the presidents ?	no
The professor in front of the managers helped the actor .	Did the actor help the professor ?	no
The author by the presidents recognized the banker .	Did the presidents recognize the author ?	no
The banker avoided the lawyer by the actor .	Did the actor avoid the banker ?	no
The authors in front of the managers advised the secretaries .	Did the secretaries advise the managers ?	no
The lawyer behind the bankers recommended the professors .	Did the professors recommend the lawyer ?	no
The lawyers stopped the student in front of the tourists .	Did the student stop the lawyers ?	no
The actor by the judges called the scientists .	Did the scientists call the actor ?	no
The actor admired the bankers near the doctors .	Did the bankers admire the doctors ?	no
The athlete introduced the lawyer by the presidents .	Did the lawyer introduce the athlete ?	no
The doctor admired the lawyer by the judges .	Did the lawyer admire the doctor ?	no
The senators thanked the president in front of the tourist .	Did the president thank the senators ?	no
The scientists by the student admired the doctors .	Did the student admire the scientists ?	no
The professor introduced the artist by the student .	Did the artist introduce the professor ?	no
The students behind the lawyer advised the authors .	Did the authors advise the lawyer ?	no
The athlete near the artist mentioned the secretary .	Did the artist mention the athlete ?	no
The tourist stopped the judge near the presidents .	Did the judge stop the presidents ?	no
The doctor advised the lawyers by the senator .	Did the senator advise the doctor ?	no
The judges behind the lawyers thanked the scientists .	Did the scientists thank the lawyers ?	no
The athlete by the secretary recognized the actors .	Did the secretary recognize the athlete ?	no
The doctor behind the actor stopped the author .	Did the actor stop the doctor ?	no
The professor mentioned the doctors behind the judge .	Did the judge mention the professor ?	no
The judges by the president called the secretary .	Did the secretary call the president ?	no
The athletes next to the scientist introduced the authors .	Did the authors introduce the scientist ?	no
The bankers called the lawyers in front of the tourists .	Did the tourists call the bankers ?	no
The students contacted the artists near the tourist .	Did the artists contact the tourist ?	no
The judges recommended the actors in front of the students .	Did the actors recommend the judges ?	no
The managers near the actor introduced the scientists .	Did the actor introduce the managers ?	no
The presidents by the athletes mentioned the scientists .	Did the scientists mention the presidents ?	no
The artist introduced the lawyer next to the scientists .	Did the scientists introduce the artist ?	no
The judge introduced the author in front of the secretary .	Did the secretary introduce the judge ?	no
The doctors in front of the senator recommended the student .	Did the student recommend the senator ?	no
The doctors next to the judge avoided the managers .	Did the managers avoid the doctors ?	no
The student near the managers contacted the lawyers .	Did the lawyers contact the managers ?	no
The students thanked the doctor in front of the manager .	Did the doctor thank the students ?	no
The secretary saw the tourist by the judge .	Did the judge see the secretary ?	no
The artist called the scientist near the athletes .	Did the athletes call the artist ?	no
The president by the banker recommended the actors .	Did the actors recommend the banker ?	no
The banker next to the doctor introduced the scientists .	Did the scientists introduce the doctor ?	no
The athlete by the professors advised the bankers .	Did the bankers advise the athlete ?	no
The managers next to the secretary encouraged the judges .	Did the judges encourage the secretary ?	no
The scientist by the judges admired the lawyers .	Did the judges admire the scientist ?	no
The artist stopped the manager next to the professors .	Did the manager stop the professors ?	no
The secretaries near the scientist stopped the author .	Did the scientist stop the secretaries ?	no
The athletes supported the doctor by the actor .	Did the actor support the athletes ?	no
The author in front of the lawyer avoided the banker .	Did the banker avoid the author ?	no
The presidents saw the authors behind the senators .	Did the senators see the presidents ?	no
The actors behind the doctors stopped the authors .	Did the doctors stop the actors ?	no
The manager believed the secretaries near the actors .	Did the secretaries believe the manager ?	no
The tourists in front of the author saw the professors .	Did the professors see the author ?	no
The athletes near the scientist believed the secretaries .	Did the scientist believe the athletes ?	no
The student helped the presidents behind the athlete .	Did the presidents help the athlete ?	no
The bankers believed the scientists behind the senators .	Did the scientists believe the bankers ?	no
The doctor next to the bankers introduced the actor .	Did the actor introduce the bankers ?	no
The authors next to the tourist supported the actor .	Did the tourist support the authors ?	no
The managers in front of the lawyer recognized the judge .	Did the judge recognize the lawyer ?	no
The student next to the professors supported the senator .	Did the professors support the student ?	no
The bankers admired the judge by the tourists .	Did the tourists admire the bankers ?	no
The authors saw the actor next to the judge .	Did the actor see the authors ?	no
The judges contacted the tourists behind the doctor .	Did the tourists contact the judges ?	no
The judge near the scientists thanked the actor .	Did the actor thank the scientists ?	no
The actor near the judges mentioned the presidents .	Did the presidents mention the actor ?	no
The tourist near the secretaries introduced the president .	Did the president introduce the tourist ?	no
The student next to the banker introduced the authors .	Did the authors introduce the banker ?	no
The athletes advised the doctors in front of the author .	Did the doctors advise the author ?	no
The banker avoided the professors by the athlete .	Did the professors avoid the banker ?	no
The athletes helped the lawyer near the actor .	Did the actor help the athletes ?	no
The actors called the tourists near the president .	Did the tourists call the president ?	no
The lawyers encouraged the manager next to the tourists .	Did the tourists encourage the lawyers ?	no
The banker behind the tourists saw the scientists .	Did the scientists see the banker ?	no
The actors next to the professors recognized the scientist .	Did the professors recognize the actors ?	no
The managers avoided the banker next to the scientist .	Did the banker avoid the managers ?	no
The lawyer saw the artist behind the student .	Did the artist see the student ?	no
The judge in front of the actor recognized the professor .	Did the professor recognize the actor ?	no
The judges by the tourists called the doctors .	Did the tourists call the judges ?	no
The senator helped the manager near the actor .	Did the actor help the senator ?	no
The secretary behind the senator admired the judges .	Did the senator admire the secretary ?	no
The secretaries behind the senator helped the managers .	Did the senator help the secretaries ?	no
The judge believed the tourists near the presidents .	Did the presidents believe the judge ?	no
The tourists supported the senator next to the president .	Did the senator support the president ?	no
The managers contacted the tourist by the scientist .	Did the tourist contact the scientist ?	no
The professors introduced the artists near the athlete .	Did the athlete introduce the professors ?	no
The presidents next to the lawyer recommended the authors .	Did the authors recommend the lawyer ?	no
The actor introduced the artist by the judges .	Did the judges introduce the actor ?	no
The artist saw the tourist next to the doctor .	Did the doctor see the artist ?	no
The lawyers contacted the tourists next to the athletes .	Did the athletes contact the lawyers ?	no
The managers thanked the athlete by the secretary .	Did the secretary thank the managers ?	no
The professor contacted the student behind the secretary .	Did the secretary contact the professor ?	no
The professor recognized the lawyer next to the secretaries .	Did the lawyer recognize the professor ?	no
The students saw the manager in front of the actor .	Did the actor see the students ?	no
The athletes supported the student behind the lawyer .	Did the student support the athletes ?	no
The tourists helped the banker near the judges .	Did the judges help the tourists ?	no
The senators in front of the professor called the lawyer .	Did the professor call the senators ?	no
The banker near the student recognized the senators .	Did the senators recognize the banker ?	no
The lawyer admired the professor in front of the tourist .	Did the professor admire the tourist ?	no
The judge called the professor behind the actor .	Did the professor call the actor ?	no
The scientists recommended the senators by the artist .	Did the artist recommend the scientists ?	no
The doctor recognized the students next to the scientists .	Did the scientists recognize the doctor ?	no
The manager behind the lawyer thanked the scientist .	Did the scientist thank the lawyer ?	no
The judge called the secretary in front of the author .	Did the secretary call the author ?	no
The lawyer avoided the judges in front of the banker .	Did the judges avoid the banker ?	no
The doctors next to the author advised the president .	Did the author advise the doctors ?	no
The students next to the author recognized the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recognize the students ?	no
The scientist supported the doctor near the authors .	Did the authors support the scientist ?	no
The senators next to the actor advised the scientist .	Did the scientist advise the senators ?	no
The scientists next to the secretary supported the artists .	Did the secretary support the scientists ?	no
The athlete next to the professor supported the doctor .	Did the doctor support the professor ?	no
The senators by the manager thanked the tourists .	Did the tourists thank the senators ?	no
The actors thanked the senator next to the doctor .	Did the doctor thank the actors ?	no
The judge believed the doctor in front of the secretaries .	Did the doctor believe the judge ?	no
The students recommended the bankers next to the artist .	Did the bankers recommend the students ?	no
The artist advised the doctor in front of the professor .	Did the professor advise the artist ?	no
The managers mentioned the tourists in front of the artist .	Did the tourists mention the artist ?	no
The actor stopped the student behind the presidents .	Did the presidents stop the actor ?	no
The tourists behind the presidents admired the student .	Did the presidents admire the tourists ?	no
The athletes next to the lawyer stopped the senators .	Did the lawyer stop the athletes ?	no
The bankers by the authors recognized the lawyers .	Did the lawyers recognize the bankers ?	no
The professor near the managers mentioned the bankers .	Did the bankers mention the professor ?	no
The students encouraged the bankers by the professor .	Did the bankers encourage the professor ?	no
The professor near the artists helped the lawyer .	Did the lawyer help the artists ?	no
The scientist next to the athlete mentioned the artist .	Did the artist mention the athlete ?	no
The scientist near the artists recognized the banker .	Did the artists recognize the scientist ?	no
The scientists by the doctor helped the manager .	Did the manager help the doctor ?	no
The lawyers in front of the managers recognized the professor .	Did the managers recognize the lawyers ?	no
The senators behind the artist advised the managers .	Did the artist advise the senators ?	no
The secretary in front of the senators called the artist .	Did the artist call the senators ?	no
The doctor recommended the student in front of the presidents .	Did the presidents recommend the doctor ?	no
The actor admired the senators next to the bankers .	Did the senators admire the bankers ?	no
The artist by the judge admired the actor .	Did the actor admire the judge ?	no
The president helped the secretary next to the senator .	Did the senator help the president ?	no
The lawyers near the judges introduced the students .	Did the judges introduce the lawyers ?	no
The students near the doctors helped the professor .	Did the doctors help the students ?	no
The bankers by the artist stopped the actors .	Did the actors stop the artist ?	no
The scientist thanked the judges near the secretary .	Did the secretary thank the scientist ?	no
The doctors in front of the artists mentioned the actors .	Did the actors mention the doctors ?	no
The doctors by the lawyer advised the actors .	Did the lawyer advise the doctors ?	no
The senators called the banker near the author .	Did the author call the senators ?	no
The scientists next to the banker introduced the student .	Did the banker introduce the scientists ?	no
The athletes in front of the bankers thanked the scientists .	Did the scientists thank the athletes ?	no
The judge in front of the scientists believed the athlete .	Did the athlete believe the scientists ?	no
The student helped the bankers next to the athletes .	Did the athletes help the student ?	no
The bankers saw the secretaries next to the manager .	Did the manager see the bankers ?	no
The doctors near the bankers recognized the scientists .	Did the scientists recognize the bankers ?	no
The lawyers admired the banker by the doctors .	Did the banker admire the lawyers ?	no
The artists in front of the scientist called the manager .	Did the manager call the scientist ?	no
The author behind the athletes encouraged the tourist .	Did the tourist encourage the athletes ?	no
The artist next to the senators introduced the tourist .	Did the senators introduce the artist ?	no
The doctors believed the artists in front of the tourists .	Did the tourists believe the doctors ?	no
The secretaries next to the students recognized the athlete .	Did the athlete recognize the secretaries ?	no
The managers near the artist recognized the actor .	Did the actor recognize the managers ?	no
The doctor thanked the athlete by the artist .	Did the artist thank the doctor ?	no
The banker next to the doctors advised the artists .	Did the doctors advise the banker ?	no
The scientists admired the tourist by the actors .	Did the tourist admire the actors ?	no
The president introduced the student in front of the artists .	Did the student introduce the president ?	no
The professors in front of the secretary avoided the judges .	Did the judges avoid the professors ?	no
The author introduced the students in front of the presidents .	Did the students introduce the author ?	no
The managers in front of the tourists introduced the lawyers .	Did the lawyers introduce the tourists ?	no
The manager in front of the bankers believed the artist .	Did the artist believe the bankers ?	no
The senators in front of the secretary stopped the tourists .	Did the secretary stop the senators ?	no
The artist behind the athlete contacted the tourists .	Did the tourists contact the athlete ?	no
The judge behind the tourists called the bankers .	Did the bankers call the judge ?	no
The doctors recognized the judge in front of the professor .	Did the judge recognize the professor ?	no
The judges in front of the artist mentioned the students .	Did the students mention the artist ?	no
The artists by the tourist encouraged the lawyer .	Did the lawyer encourage the artists ?	no
The secretaries supported the managers behind the bankers .	Did the bankers support the secretaries ?	no
The author encouraged the senators next to the professors .	Did the professors encourage the author ?	no
The secretary near the artists recognized the tourist .	Did the tourist recognize the artists ?	no
The manager admired the lawyer next to the secretary .	Did the lawyer admire the secretary ?	no
The senator thanked the secretaries near the athlete .	Did the secretaries thank the senator ?	no
The senators behind the artists mentioned the presidents .	Did the artists mention the senators ?	no
The manager behind the doctor thanked the lawyers .	Did the lawyers thank the manager ?	no
The secretary avoided the lawyers next to the senator .	Did the lawyers avoid the secretary ?	no
The senator thanked the author behind the professor .	Did the author thank the professor ?	no
The secretary saw the lawyer in front of the author .	Did the lawyer see the author ?	no
The athletes admired the banker near the senator .	Did the banker admire the athletes ?	no
The scientist next to the judges thanked the student .	Did the judges thank the scientist ?	no
The actor next to the scientists avoided the author .	Did the author avoid the actor ?	no
The athlete admired the tourists next to the authors .	Did the authors admire the athlete ?	no
The secretaries called the professors next to the doctor .	Did the professors call the secretaries ?	no
The tourist saw the managers in front of the athletes .	Did the managers see the athletes ?	no
The artists supported the judges in front of the presidents .	Did the presidents support the artists ?	no
The judges near the managers stopped the secretaries .	Did the secretaries stop the managers ?	no
The author near the secretary called the bankers .	Did the secretary call the author ?	no
The manager encouraged the lawyers next to the author .	Did the author encourage the manager ?	no
The actors thanked the students near the senators .	Did the students thank the actors ?	no
The actors thanked the authors near the banker .	Did the authors thank the banker ?	no
The manager by the lawyer recommended the professor .	Did the professor recommend the lawyer ?	no
The artists near the secretaries introduced the actor .	Did the actor introduce the secretaries ?	no
The doctors advised the tourists near the professors .	Did the tourists advise the professors ?	no
The tourists introduced the student near the author .	Did the author introduce the tourists ?	no
The senator behind the artists mentioned the manager .	Did the manager mention the senator ?	no
The tourist behind the judges encouraged the secretaries .	Did the judges encourage the tourist ?	no
The president believed the authors next to the manager .	Did the manager believe the president ?	no
The artist supported the authors in front of the athlete .	Did the authors support the athlete ?	no
The actors recommended the artists by the judge .	Did the artists recommend the actors ?	no
The artists by the secretaries advised the manager .	Did the manager advise the artists ?	no
The managers helped the doctor near the artist .	Did the doctor help the artist ?	no
The banker next to the secretaries mentioned the presidents .	Did the secretaries mention the banker ?	no
The athletes next to the judge mentioned the tourists .	Did the tourists mention the athletes ?	no
The judges admired the doctors behind the lawyer .	Did the doctors admire the lawyer ?	no
The students near the professors avoided the authors .	Did the authors avoid the students ?	no
The senators behind the professors contacted the student .	Did the student contact the professors ?	no
The president by the secretaries helped the managers .	Did the secretaries help the president ?	no
The tourists next to the professors encouraged the actors .	Did the actors encourage the professors ?	no
The students believed the tourist in front of the secretary .	Did the tourist believe the students ?	no
The judge saw the authors behind the actor .	Did the authors see the actor ?	no
The judges recommended the presidents in front of the author .	Did the presidents recommend the judges ?	no
The tourists near the scientists helped the presidents .	Did the scientists help the tourists ?	no
The athlete behind the artists mentioned the tourists .	Did the artists mention the athlete ?	no
The doctor avoided the senator behind the professor .	Did the professor avoid the doctor ?	no
The managers helped the professor behind the doctor .	Did the professor help the doctor ?	no
The actors behind the professors believed the tourist .	Did the tourist believe the professors ?	no
The scientists behind the doctor thanked the tourists .	Did the tourists thank the scientists ?	no
The professor by the scientist avoided the students .	Did the students avoid the scientist ?	no
The professor next to the presidents called the athletes .	Did the athletes call the professor ?	no
The senator saw the professor behind the managers .	Did the managers see the senator ?	no
The artists behind the secretaries introduced the authors .	Did the authors introduce the artists ?	no
The artists by the president mentioned the professor .	Did the professor mention the artists ?	no
The senators behind the lawyer saw the scientist .	Did the scientist see the lawyer ?	no
The banker helped the doctors by the author .	Did the doctors help the author ?	no
The senator by the doctors helped the presidents .	Did the doctors help the senator ?	no
The tourists by the students believed the lawyers .	Did the lawyers believe the tourists ?	no
The doctors thanked the presidents near the artists .	Did the artists thank the doctors ?	no
The senator behind the doctors believed the lawyers .	Did the doctors believe the senator ?	no
The bankers by the lawyer avoided the manager .	Did the manager avoid the lawyer ?	no
The judges avoided the doctor behind the scientist .	Did the scientist avoid the judges ?	no
The artist behind the managers mentioned the judges .	Did the managers mention the artist ?	no
The tourists helped the bankers by the secretary .	Did the secretary help the tourists ?	no
The author avoided the doctors by the athlete .	Did the athlete avoid the author ?	no
The athlete advised the managers in front of the tourists .	Did the managers advise the tourists ?	no
The student mentioned the senators in front of the president .	Did the senators mention the student ?	no
The managers saw the professor behind the judges .	Did the judges see the managers ?	no
The scientists advised the presidents near the secretaries .	Did the presidents advise the scientists ?	no
The secretaries helped the bankers near the judge .	Did the judge help the secretaries ?	no
The doctor helped the presidents behind the tourists .	Did the presidents help the tourists ?	no
The judges by the tourists supported the scientist .	Did the tourists support the judges ?	no
The secretary behind the authors believed the lawyer .	Did the lawyer believe the secretary ?	no
The president next to the lawyer admired the senators .	Did the senators admire the president ?	no
The doctors by the president avoided the senators .	Did the senators avoid the doctors ?	no
The lawyers thanked the judge near the student .	Did the judge thank the lawyers ?	no
The artists next to the secretaries thanked the lawyers .	Did the secretaries thank the artists ?	no
The athlete next to the manager mentioned the banker .	Did the banker mention the athlete ?	no
The president by the actor called the athlete .	Did the actor call the president ?	no
The professor behind the scientists admired the students .	Did the students admire the professor ?	no
The student saw the managers behind the bankers .	Did the managers see the student ?	no
The professor next to the student believed the scientists .	Did the student believe the professor ?	no
The lawyer behind the athlete thanked the artists .	Did the artists thank the lawyer ?	no
The students near the professor advised the author .	Did the professor advise the students ?	no
The professors near the senator thanked the lawyer .	Did the lawyer thank the professors ?	no
The actor next to the artists supported the athletes .	Did the athletes support the actor ?	no
The athletes helped the lawyer near the scientists .	Did the lawyer help the athletes ?	no
The manager near the actors avoided the professor .	Did the professor avoid the manager ?	no
The judges near the authors encouraged the athlete .	Did the authors encourage the judges ?	no
The judges in front of the secretaries saw the tourist .	Did the secretaries see the judges ?	no
The secretary in front of the professors mentioned the author .	Did the author mention the secretary ?	no
The actor stopped the artists next to the doctor .	Did the artists stop the actor ?	no
The actor near the doctor advised the athlete .	Did the doctor advise the actor ?	no
The doctor behind the lawyer introduced the judge .	Did the judge introduce the doctor ?	no
The senator saw the artist next to the bankers .	Did the artist see the senator ?	no
The scientists saw the professor in front of the secretary .	Did the professor see the scientists ?	no
The tourist encouraged the actors behind the professors .	Did the actors encourage the professors ?	no
The professor recognized the artist in front of the actor .	Did the artist recognize the actor ?	no
The lawyers in front of the doctor called the author .	Did the doctor call the lawyers ?	no
The actors behind the presidents called the manager .	Did the presidents call the actors ?	no
The managers next to the artists contacted the students .	Did the artists contact the managers ?	no
The managers stopped the athlete by the professors .	Did the athlete stop the managers ?	no
The actor recommended the athlete near the presidents .	Did the athlete recommend the presidents ?	no
The artists mentioned the athletes next to the actor .	Did the athletes mention the actor ?	no
The athletes supported the professor next to the senators .	Did the professor support the senators ?	no
The scientists near the president admired the authors .	Did the authors admire the scientists ?	no
The presidents helped the secretary in front of the athletes .	Did the athletes help the presidents ?	no
The scientists by the senator encouraged the secretaries .	Did the senator encourage the scientists ?	no
The students supported the actor next to the secretaries .	Did the actor support the students ?	no
The managers next to the athlete helped the authors .	Did the authors help the managers ?	no
The managers avoided the authors in front of the bankers .	Did the bankers avoid the managers ?	no
The authors next to the professor mentioned the president .	Did the professor mention the authors ?	no
The student behind the secretaries saw the senators .	Did the senators see the student ?	no
The professors by the manager introduced the actor .	Did the manager introduce the professors ?	no
The athlete next to the president stopped the students .	Did the students stop the president ?	no
The professors thanked the tourists next to the president .	Did the tourists thank the professors ?	no
The athletes by the author encouraged the managers .	Did the managers encourage the author ?	no
The secretaries recommended the professor behind the lawyer .	Did the professor recommend the lawyer ?	no
The secretary by the president contacted the professors .	Did the president contact the secretary ?	no
The professor helped the managers next to the president .	Did the president help the professor ?	no
The professor mentioned the senators behind the secretary .	Did the senators mention the professor ?	no
The students avoided the judge near the professor .	Did the judge avoid the students ?	no
The presidents helped the scientist near the judge .	Did the scientist help the judge ?	no
The student advised the senator in front of the secretary .	Did the secretary advise the student ?	no
The judge behind the tourist recommended the professor .	Did the tourist recommend the judge ?	no
The tourist called the judges by the professor .	Did the judges call the professor ?	no
The lawyer by the doctor introduced the secretary .	Did the secretary introduce the lawyer ?	no
The lawyer in front of the authors supported the students .	Did the authors support the lawyer ?	no
The president recognized the senator near the artists .	Did the artists recognize the president ?	no
The presidents mentioned the artists by the professor .	Did the professor mention the presidents ?	no
The artist mentioned the president near the lawyer .	Did the lawyer mention the artist ?	no
The tourist next to the presidents avoided the authors .	Did the authors avoid the tourist ?	no
The lawyers behind the doctors helped the athletes .	Did the doctors help the lawyers ?	no
The lawyers contacted the scientists near the bankers .	Did the scientists contact the bankers ?	no
The professors near the judge avoided the athletes .	Did the athletes avoid the judge ?	no
The bankers by the scientists encouraged the managers .	Did the managers encourage the bankers ?	no
The secretary behind the students believed the authors .	Did the students believe the secretary ?	no
The professors contacted the actor behind the managers .	Did the actor contact the professors ?	no
The banker near the scientist recommended the athlete .	Did the scientist recommend the banker ?	no
The doctor helped the scientist behind the judges .	Did the scientist help the doctor ?	no
The doctor next to the author helped the artists .	Did the artists help the author ?	no
The athletes in front of the professors avoided the artists .	Did the professors avoid the athletes ?	no
The bankers by the artists contacted the doctors .	Did the artists contact the bankers ?	no
The banker helped the students by the judge .	Did the students help the judge ?	no
The president next to the actor avoided the doctor .	Did the doctor avoid the actor ?	no
The lawyers by the tourists saw the athletes .	Did the tourists see the lawyers ?	no
The actor stopped the bankers in front of the artists .	Did the bankers stop the actor ?	no
The scientists in front of the tourists believed the lawyers .	Did the tourists believe the scientists ?	no
The doctor called the banker near the author .	Did the banker call the author ?	no
The actors advised the senators near the doctors .	Did the senators advise the actors ?	no
The bankers supported the authors next to the senator .	Did the senator support the bankers ?	no
The actors near the bankers encouraged the tourists .	Did the tourists encourage the actors ?	no
The professor in front of the actor recommended the authors .	Did the authors recommend the professor ?	no
The students admired the tourists in front of the managers .	Did the managers admire the students ?	no
The president helped the manager by the athlete .	Did the manager help the president ?	no
The presidents behind the lawyers called the judges .	Did the judges call the presidents ?	no
The lawyer contacted the doctor in front of the senators .	Did the senators contact the lawyer ?	no
The athlete introduced the bankers behind the doctor .	Did the doctor introduce the athlete ?	no
The judge in front of the student contacted the professors .	Did the professors contact the judge ?	no
The manager mentioned the senator in front of the lawyers .	Did the senator mention the manager ?	no
The lawyer in front of the banker encouraged the managers .	Did the managers encourage the banker ?	no
The tourist helped the scientist behind the lawyers .	Did the scientist help the lawyers ?	no
The bankers thanked the secretary behind the author .	Did the secretary thank the author ?	no
The doctors in front of the judge stopped the managers .	Did the managers stop the judge ?	no
The author by the bankers saw the doctor .	Did the doctor see the author ?	no
The professors by the presidents contacted the secretaries .	Did the presidents contact the professors ?	no
The students in front of the professors mentioned the managers .	Did the managers mention the professors ?	no
The students called the judge behind the lawyers .	Did the lawyers call the students ?	no
The artists near the scientists introduced the lawyers .	Did the lawyers introduce the artists ?	no
The students recommended the authors in front of the artist .	Did the authors recommend the students ?	no
The author near the artists recommended the athlete .	Did the artists recommend the author ?	no
The students next to the tourists mentioned the bankers .	Did the bankers mention the tourists ?	no
The students supported the tourists next to the senator .	Did the senator support the students ?	no
The author contacted the actors behind the bankers .	Did the actors contact the author ?	no
The secretary supported the doctor near the authors .	Did the doctor support the secretary ?	no
The banker avoided the president near the author .	Did the author avoid the banker ?	no
The students thanked the scientist next to the tourists .	Did the tourists thank the students ?	no
The secretary stopped the lawyers next to the manager .	Did the lawyers stop the secretary ?	no
The artists thanked the doctor by the actor .	Did the doctor thank the artists ?	no
The lawyers mentioned the senators behind the judges .	Did the senators mention the lawyers ?	no
The presidents contacted the actor in front of the tourist .	Did the actor contact the tourist ?	no
The artists behind the doctors stopped the author .	Did the author stop the artists ?	no
The tourists near the scientists believed the doctor .	Did the doctor believe the scientists ?	no
The banker encouraged the tourists by the scientists .	Did the tourists encourage the banker ?	no
The artist near the presidents contacted the students .	Did the students contact the artist ?	no
The scientist by the tourist saw the senators .	Did the senators see the scientist ?	no
The student next to the secretaries called the lawyers .	Did the lawyers call the secretaries ?	no
The athlete believed the senator behind the presidents .	Did the presidents believe the athlete ?	no
The lawyers encouraged the athletes next to the judge .	Did the judge encourage the lawyers ?	no
The lawyer near the judges helped the president .	Did the judges help the lawyer ?	no
The actor near the presidents admired the lawyers .	Did the lawyers admire the actor ?	no
The banker recommended the presidents near the managers .	Did the presidents recommend the managers ?	no
The athlete in front of the professor avoided the banker .	Did the professor avoid the athlete ?	no
The presidents supported the scientists in front of the athletes .	Did the athletes support the presidents ?	no
The professor next to the student encouraged the presidents .	Did the student encourage the professor ?	no
The artist in front of the tourists recommended the senator .	Did the senator recommend the tourists ?	no
The judge behind the artists introduced the professor .	Did the artists introduce the judge ?	no
The scientists behind the judges recommended the lawyers .	Did the lawyers recommend the scientists ?	no
The author introduced the students near the athletes .	Did the athletes introduce the author ?	no
The artist introduced the presidents next to the doctors .	Did the doctors introduce the artist ?	no
The presidents recommended the actor in front of the artists .	Did the artists recommend the presidents ?	no
The scientist in front of the professors believed the manager .	Did the professors believe the scientist ?	no
The artists recognized the secretaries by the lawyer .	Did the secretaries recognize the artists ?	no
The banker by the doctor encouraged the actor .	Did the actor encourage the banker ?	no
The senator by the actor introduced the judges .	Did the judges introduce the senator ?	no
The manager admired the scientists by the professors .	Did the scientists admire the manager ?	no
The lawyers by the student encouraged the actor .	Did the actor encourage the student ?	no
The senators in front of the professor encouraged the student .	Did the student encourage the senators ?	no
The author introduced the tourist by the judges .	Did the tourist introduce the judges ?	no
The athletes next to the bankers called the students .	Did the bankers call the athletes ?	no
The authors believed the athlete next to the secretary .	Did the athlete believe the authors ?	no
The secretaries admired the lawyer behind the judges .	Did the judges admire the secretaries ?	no
The student recommended the actor by the senator .	Did the senator recommend the student ?	no
The senators near the scientists called the tourists .	Did the tourists call the scientists ?	no
The author near the secretary helped the artists .	Did the artists help the secretary ?	no
The manager in front of the bankers advised the senators .	Did the bankers advise the manager ?	no
The athletes thanked the judge near the doctors .	Did the judge thank the athletes ?	no
The scientists next to the student stopped the bankers .	Did the bankers stop the scientists ?	no
The banker next to the athlete advised the doctors .	Did the doctors advise the athlete ?	no
The judge behind the scientists saw the lawyer .	Did the lawyer see the scientists ?	no
The president next to the judges helped the students .	Did the students help the president ?	no
The doctor supported the actor next to the manager .	Did the actor support the doctor ?	no
The manager behind the athletes recognized the scientist .	Did the athletes recognize the manager ?	no
The lawyers supported the senators near the students .	Did the students support the lawyers ?	no
The bankers avoided the doctors in front of the lawyer .	Did the doctors avoid the bankers ?	no
The secretary saw the tourists by the banker .	Did the banker see the secretary ?	no
The scientist in front of the secretary avoided the actors .	Did the secretary avoid the scientist ?	no
The author contacted the tourist next to the judge .	Did the judge contact the author ?	no
The lawyers next to the tourist admired the secretary .	Did the secretary admire the lawyers ?	no
The professor next to the actors called the judges .	Did the actors call the professor ?	no
The doctors in front of the judge saw the secretaries .	Did the secretaries see the doctors ?	no
The senators in front of the athletes recognized the authors .	Did the athletes recognize the senators ?	no
The manager next to the scientists thanked the actor .	Did the actor thank the manager ?	no
The senator near the professor recommended the lawyer .	Did the professor recommend the senator ?	no
The president by the lawyers recommended the tourist .	Did the lawyers recommend the president ?	no
The manager admired the president next to the judges .	Did the president admire the manager ?	no
The lawyer mentioned the actor behind the president .	Did the actor mention the president ?	no
The presidents by the artists recommended the author .	Did the author recommend the presidents ?	no
The students stopped the scientist near the lawyer .	Did the lawyer stop the students ?	no
The tourists next to the artists saw the presidents .	Did the presidents see the tourists ?	no
The lawyers behind the banker recommended the professors .	Did the professors recommend the banker ?	no
The authors introduced the scientists next to the presidents .	Did the presidents introduce the authors ?	no
The banker mentioned the senators next to the authors .	Did the senators mention the authors ?	no
The artists avoided the bankers by the senators .	Did the bankers avoid the artists ?	no
The senators next to the professors avoided the student .	Did the student avoid the professors ?	no
The professors next to the judge recognized the managers .	Did the managers recognize the judge ?	no
The presidents in front of the secretaries mentioned the senator .	Did the secretaries mention the presidents ?	no
The lawyer introduced the actors by the bankers .	Did the bankers introduce the lawyer ?	no
The presidents supported the student by the managers .	Did the managers support the presidents ?	no
The bankers contacted the tourist behind the actors .	Did the tourist contact the bankers ?	no
The student in front of the artist encouraged the professors .	Did the professors encourage the student ?	no
The athlete behind the actor stopped the president .	Did the actor stop the athlete ?	no
The student mentioned the actors in front of the presidents .	Did the presidents mention the student ?	no
The student next to the secretaries avoided the doctors .	Did the secretaries avoid the student ?	no
The professors advised the secretary behind the lawyers .	Did the secretary advise the professors ?	no
The professors near the author recommended the doctor .	Did the doctor recommend the professors ?	no
The doctors supported the professors behind the artist .	Did the professors support the artist ?	no
The lawyer encouraged the judges behind the author .	Did the judges encourage the lawyer ?	no
The professors contacted the student next to the lawyer .	Did the lawyer contact the professors ?	no
The tourists in front of the professors mentioned the bankers .	Did the bankers mention the tourists ?	no
The students in front of the doctors thanked the lawyer .	Did the lawyer thank the doctors ?	no
The lawyer contacted the professors in front of the scientist .	Did the professors contact the scientist ?	no
The judges near the senator advised the athlete .	Did the senator advise the judges ?	no
The doctors next to the senator contacted the actors .	Did the actors contact the senator ?	no
The manager advised the lawyers near the senator .	Did the senator advise the manager ?	no
The artist recommended the senator behind the president .	Did the president recommend the artist ?	no
The bankers next to the managers stopped the actors .	Did the actors stop the bankers ?	no
The secretary recommended the professors near the senators .	Did the professors recommend the senators ?	no
The tourists contacted the secretaries in front of the senators .	Did the senators contact the tourists ?	no
The presidents believed the secretaries next to the student .	Did the student believe the presidents ?	no
The actors called the manager near the senator .	Did the manager call the senator ?	no
The athlete next to the lawyer thanked the doctor .	Did the doctor thank the athlete ?	no
The manager called the scientists by the authors .	Did the authors call the manager ?	no
The secretary stopped the author in front of the professors .	Did the author stop the secretary ?	no
The secretaries recognized the students next to the managers .	Did the students recognize the managers ?	no
The tourist mentioned the secretary behind the authors .	Did the secretary mention the authors ?	no
The manager encouraged the author by the athletes .	Did the author encourage the athletes ?	no
The lawyer helped the athlete by the authors .	Did the authors help the lawyer ?	no
The authors encouraged the manager behind the actor .	Did the actor encourage the authors ?	no
The lawyer encouraged the artists in front of the authors .	Did the authors encourage the lawyer ?	no
The scientists introduced the professors behind the actor .	Did the actor introduce the scientists ?	no
The author recognized the secretaries next to the bankers .	Did the bankers recognize the author ?	no
The bankers near the doctor recommended the tourist .	Did the tourist recommend the doctor ?	no
The secretary by the presidents advised the judge .	Did the judge advise the secretary ?	no
The author by the scientist stopped the judges .	Did the judges stop the scientist ?	no
The professor behind the doctors called the banker .	Did the banker call the doctors ?	no
The judge next to the president mentioned the actor .	Did the actor mention the judge ?	no
The scientist thanked the manager near the bankers .	Did the manager thank the scientist ?	no
The tourists next to the presidents stopped the scientist .	Did the scientist stop the presidents ?	no
The managers behind the tourist advised the senator .	Did the tourist advise the managers ?	no
The actors behind the secretary contacted the student .	Did the student contact the actors ?	no
The secretary stopped the author near the athletes .	Did the author stop the athletes ?	no
The bankers believed the scientists next to the tourists .	Did the scientists believe the tourists ?	no
The judge behind the actor supported the banker .	Did the actor support the judge ?	no
The tourist admired the secretaries by the manager .	Did the manager admire the tourist ?	no
The authors in front of the secretaries recognized the students .	Did the secretaries recognize the authors ?	no
The athletes behind the senators saw the professors .	Did the professors see the athletes ?	no
The scientists near the artists mentioned the actors .	Did the actors mention the scientists ?	no
The tourists believed the presidents near the actors .	Did the presidents believe the tourists ?	no
The bankers behind the judges mentioned the senator .	Did the judges mention the bankers ?	no
The judge by the artists stopped the professors .	Did the artists stop the judge ?	no
The athletes in front of the secretary advised the president .	Did the secretary advise the athletes ?	no
The judge in front of the author introduced the senator .	Did the senator introduce the author ?	no
The presidents next to the tourist thanked the judge .	Did the judge thank the tourist ?	no
The student helped the managers behind the judges .	Did the managers help the judges ?	no
The authors next to the doctor helped the professor .	Did the professor help the authors ?	no
The presidents mentioned the managers behind the student .	Did the student mention the presidents ?	no
The student recommended the doctor behind the secretaries .	Did the doctor recommend the secretaries ?	no
The senators thanked the judges by the tourist .	Did the judges thank the senators ?	no
The author believed the secretaries behind the professor .	Did the secretaries believe the author ?	no
The athlete recommended the actor by the students .	Did the students recommend the athlete ?	no
The lawyer advised the professors by the bankers .	Did the bankers advise the lawyer ?	no
The secretary supported the authors in front of the student .	Did the authors support the student ?	no
The actors helped the manager next to the professors .	Did the manager help the professors ?	no
The secretaries supported the authors next to the banker .	Did the authors support the secretaries ?	no
The secretary in front of the presidents mentioned the student .	Did the student mention the presidents ?	no
The actor by the tourists thanked the president .	Did the tourists thank the actor ?	no
The judges believed the bankers near the managers .	Did the bankers believe the managers ?	no
The secretary by the bankers recognized the professor .	Did the bankers recognize the secretary ?	no
The judges by the actors recognized the senator .	Did the senator recognize the actors ?	no
The banker behind the lawyers recognized the scientist .	Did the scientist recognize the lawyers ?	no
The secretary by the artist recognized the actor .	Did the artist recognize the secretary ?	no
The judge next to the athletes advised the author .	Did the athletes advise the judge ?	no
The students next to the senators called the judge .	Did the senators call the students ?	no
The athlete stopped the banker near the artist .	Did the banker stop the athlete ?	no
The managers recognized the authors next to the professor .	Did the authors recognize the professor ?	no
The actors in front of the managers recognized the senators .	Did the senators recognize the managers ?	no
The manager by the tourists recommended the lawyer .	Did the tourists recommend the manager ?	no
The students next to the judges supported the athlete .	Did the athlete support the students ?	no
The secretaries next to the author contacted the professors .	Did the professors contact the secretaries ?	no
The scientists helped the artists next to the actor .	Did the artists help the actor ?	no
The artists by the doctor helped the student .	Did the student help the doctor ?	no
The student helped the doctors in front of the professor .	Did the professor help the student ?	no
The athletes next to the doctor thanked the managers .	Did the managers thank the athletes ?	no
The actor by the bankers recommended the doctor .	Did the doctor recommend the actor ?	no
The actors behind the athletes called the scientists .	Did the scientists call the actors ?	no
The artist in front of the actor recognized the lawyers .	Did the actor recognize the artist ?	no
The students by the doctor introduced the presidents .	Did the presidents introduce the doctor ?	no
The tourists recognized the artists next to the lawyers .	Did the lawyers recognize the tourists ?	no
The senators next to the actors recommended the artist .	Did the artist recommend the senators ?	no
The lawyer admired the scientist behind the tourists .	Did the scientist admire the lawyer ?	no
The authors in front of the actors recommended the president .	Did the actors recommend the authors ?	no
The bankers by the student introduced the lawyer .	Did the student introduce the bankers ?	no
The doctors mentioned the presidents behind the judges .	Did the presidents mention the judges ?	no
The manager believed the lawyer in front of the professors .	Did the professors believe the manager ?	no
The lawyers thanked the secretary behind the tourist .	Did the secretary thank the lawyers ?	no
The lawyer by the judges avoided the scientist .	Did the scientist avoid the lawyer ?	no
The student believed the manager next to the tourists .	Did the tourists believe the student ?	no
The athlete by the authors believed the president .	Did the president believe the athlete ?	no
The president next to the senators advised the banker .	Did the banker advise the president ?	no
The professor in front of the judge advised the managers .	Did the judge advise the professor ?	no
The scientist near the tourists introduced the doctor .	Did the doctor introduce the scientist ?	no
The artist recognized the tourists next to the bankers .	Did the tourists recognize the bankers ?	no
The authors by the manager supported the doctor .	Did the doctor support the manager ?	no
The professors behind the athlete thanked the tourists .	Did the tourists thank the athlete ?	no
The judges admired the presidents in front of the secretary .	Did the presidents admire the judges ?	no
The actors thanked the bankers behind the authors .	Did the authors thank the actors ?	no
The actors saw the student in front of the judges .	Did the student see the actors ?	no
The student near the manager mentioned the actors .	Did the actors mention the student ?	no
The secretaries behind the tourist saw the managers .	Did the tourist see the secretaries ?	no
The athletes near the actor helped the banker .	Did the banker help the actor ?	no
The tourists behind the athlete helped the lawyer .	Did the lawyer help the tourists ?	no
The professors next to the tourist stopped the authors .	Did the authors stop the professors ?	no
The athletes believed the professor behind the doctor .	Did the doctor believe the athletes ?	no
The secretaries believed the students next to the judges .	Did the students believe the secretaries ?	no
The athletes by the scientist recommended the artists .	Did the artists recommend the athletes ?	no
The scientists avoided the manager next to the professor .	Did the manager avoid the professor ?	no
The manager behind the judge called the secretary .	Did the judge call the manager ?	no
The doctor by the athlete encouraged the judges .	Did the athlete encourage the doctor ?	no
The doctors behind the tourists contacted the president .	Did the tourists contact the doctors ?	no
The actor in front of the athletes saw the president .	Did the athletes see the actor ?	no
The judge saw the doctor near the athletes .	Did the doctor see the athletes ?	no
The lawyer thanked the athletes in front of the presidents .	Did the presidents thank the lawyer ?	no
The athletes in front of the authors mentioned the professor .	Did the professor mention the athletes ?	no
The tourists mentioned the artists near the student .	Did the student mention the tourists ?	no
The banker next to the lawyers thanked the secretaries .	Did the lawyers thank the banker ?	no
The lawyers in front of the senator contacted the managers .	Did the senator contact the lawyers ?	no
The professor helped the bankers near the artist .	Did the bankers help the professor ?	no
The students near the author saw the judge .	Did the author see the students ?	no
The senator behind the managers saw the students .	Did the managers see the senator ?	no
The banker stopped the author behind the artist .	Did the author stop the banker ?	no
The secretaries thanked the doctors by the artists .	Did the artists thank the secretaries ?	no
The scientist by the manager believed the presidents .	Did the presidents believe the scientist ?	no
The presidents by the doctor introduced the judges .	Did the judges introduce the doctor ?	no
The tourists encouraged the scientists next to the athletes .	Did the scientists encourage the tourists ?	no
The managers believed the artists next to the secretaries .	Did the artists believe the secretaries ?	no
The secretaries called the students in front of the bankers .	Did the bankers call the secretaries ?	no
The bankers believed the professor behind the artists .	Did the professor believe the artists ?	no
The artist helped the banker near the doctor .	Did the doctor help the artist ?	no
The doctor believed the students behind the tourist .	Did the students believe the tourist ?	no
The president believed the doctors behind the judge .	Did the doctors believe the president ?	no
The lawyer thanked the actor near the banker .	Did the actor thank the banker ?	no
The authors advised the professor by the secretary .	Did the secretary advise the authors ?	no
The president by the tourist stopped the doctors .	Did the doctors stop the tourist ?	no
The artist recognized the professor near the students .	Did the professor recognize the artist ?	no
The banker by the scientists admired the artists .	Did the artists admire the banker ?	no
The athlete admired the secretary next to the banker .	Did the secretary admire the banker ?	no
The lawyers recommended the actors behind the doctors .	Did the actors recommend the lawyers ?	no
The student by the tourists thanked the athlete .	Did the athlete thank the tourists ?	no
The professors near the managers advised the athletes .	Did the athletes advise the managers ?	no
The athletes mentioned the scientists by the senator .	Did the scientists mention the senator ?	no
The students near the secretary supported the actor .	Did the secretary support the students ?	no
The senators behind the secretary believed the doctors .	Did the doctors believe the secretary ?	no
The athletes mentioned the secretary by the president .	Did the secretary mention the president ?	no
The lawyer admired the actor next to the athlete .	Did the actor admire the lawyer ?	no
The professor next to the doctors stopped the actor .	Did the actor stop the professor ?	no
The presidents near the actor advised the banker .	Did the banker advise the presidents ?	no
The athletes near the senator thanked the students .	Did the students thank the athletes ?	no
The banker helped the lawyer behind the scientist .	Did the lawyer help the scientist ?	no
The lawyers contacted the manager next to the actors .	Did the manager contact the actors ?	no
The athletes in front of the scientist called the doctor .	Did the doctor call the scientist ?	no
The athlete near the judges saw the tourist .	Did the tourist see the judges ?	no
The authors behind the lawyers encouraged the presidents .	Did the lawyers encourage the authors ?	no
The judges in front of the tourist thanked the doctors .	Did the doctors thank the tourist ?	no
The manager mentioned the lawyers next to the actors .	Did the lawyers mention the manager ?	no
The tourist believed the scientist by the professor .	Did the scientist believe the tourist ?	no
The lawyer stopped the tourist near the secretary .	Did the tourist stop the lawyer ?	no
The doctor helped the bankers near the actors .	Did the actors help the doctor ?	no
The authors recognized the tourists next to the actor .	Did the tourists recognize the actor ?	no
The lawyers saw the senators in front of the managers .	Did the managers see the lawyers ?	no
The scientists in front of the actor admired the artists .	Did the actor admire the scientists ?	no
The secretaries helped the banker in front of the professors .	Did the professors help the secretaries ?	no
The manager stopped the doctor by the tourists .	Did the doctor stop the manager ?	no
The senator next to the professor recognized the artist .	Did the artist recognize the professor ?	no
The lawyers believed the professor in front of the authors .	Did the authors believe the lawyers ?	no
The student next to the athletes saw the actors .	Did the actors see the athletes ?	no
The scientist near the student recognized the artists .	Did the artists recognize the student ?	no
The senators behind the lawyers stopped the judges .	Did the lawyers stop the senators ?	no
The student supported the professors behind the actors .	Did the professors support the actors ?	no
The athletes next to the banker advised the doctor .	Did the doctor advise the banker ?	no
The artists next to the secretaries helped the bankers .	Did the bankers help the artists ?	no
The professor behind the senator mentioned the actor .	Did the actor mention the professor ?	no
The authors next to the athletes recommended the artists .	Did the artists recommend the athletes ?	no
The actors near the scientist recommended the doctors .	Did the doctors recommend the actors ?	no
The managers mentioned the athlete behind the banker .	Did the athlete mention the managers ?	no
The banker recommended the secretary by the senator .	Did the secretary recommend the banker ?	no
The managers encouraged the president in front of the athletes .	Did the president encourage the managers ?	no
The scientist recommended the athlete next to the senator .	Did the senator recommend the scientist ?	no
The senators next to the judge mentioned the scientists .	Did the scientists mention the senators ?	no
The lawyer mentioned the artist by the athletes .	Did the athletes mention the lawyer ?	no
The lawyer near the banker encouraged the president .	Did the president encourage the lawyer ?	no
The doctors near the tourist mentioned the author .	Did the tourist mention the doctors ?	no
The actor near the professor stopped the secretary .	Did the secretary stop the professor ?	no
The scientist helped the athletes next to the lawyer .	Did the athletes help the lawyer ?	no
The doctors admired the scientist near the judge .	Did the scientist admire the judge ?	no
The senator near the professor recognized the secretaries .	Did the secretaries recognize the senator ?	no
The managers in front of the senators helped the banker .	Did the banker help the senators ?	no
The presidents by the scientists advised the judge .	Did the judge advise the presidents ?	no
The president next to the athlete supported the author .	Did the author support the president ?	no
The students avoided the manager in front of the tourists .	Did the tourists avoid the students ?	no
The actor believed the authors near the professor .	Did the authors believe the actor ?	no
The bankers called the professors in front of the lawyers .	Did the professors call the bankers ?	no
The tourists in front of the artist recognized the authors .	Did the artist recognize the tourists ?	no
The student by the senator stopped the lawyers .	Did the senator stop the student ?	no
The actors believed the secretaries near the senator .	Did the secretaries believe the actors ?	no
The artists advised the tourist by the athletes .	Did the tourist advise the athletes ?	no
The author in front of the athletes believed the banker .	Did the athletes believe the author ?	no
The artist by the professors stopped the senators .	Did the senators stop the artist ?	no
The professors in front of the lawyers stopped the senator .	Did the lawyers stop the professors ?	no
The manager near the authors mentioned the tourists .	Did the tourists mention the manager ?	no
The lawyers near the scientists recognized the senators .	Did the senators recognize the lawyers ?	no
The actors believed the presidents by the lawyers .	Did the presidents believe the lawyers ?	no
The tourists by the manager thanked the professors .	Did the professors thank the tourists ?	no
The tourists behind the actor supported the artist .	Did the actor support the tourists ?	no
The senator behind the athlete saw the manager .	Did the manager see the athlete ?	no
The secretary next to the professors recommended the lawyers .	Did the professors recommend the secretary ?	no
The tourist recommended the athletes by the scientists .	Did the athletes recommend the scientists ?	no
The scientist behind the author believed the managers .	Did the managers believe the scientist ?	no
The lawyers next to the senators encouraged the managers .	Did the managers encourage the senators ?	no
The athletes avoided the student by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers avoid the athletes ?	no
The lawyer next to the student recognized the athletes .	Did the athletes recognize the student ?	no
The secretaries advised the doctors near the tourists .	Did the doctors advise the secretaries ?	no
The athletes introduced the senator near the artist .	Did the artist introduce the athletes ?	no
The students saw the doctors in front of the scientist .	Did the doctors see the scientist ?	no
The tourists next to the banker advised the actors .	Did the actors advise the banker ?	no
The secretary admired the artists by the managers .	Did the artists admire the secretary ?	no
The professor by the student recommended the senator .	Did the senator recommend the student ?	no
The scientist recommended the artists in front of the judges .	Did the judges recommend the scientist ?	no
The actor by the managers recognized the presidents .	Did the presidents recognize the actor ?	no
The tourists next to the scientists avoided the secretaries .	Did the secretaries avoid the tourists ?	no
The students behind the actor mentioned the secretaries .	Did the secretaries mention the actor ?	no
The manager introduced the tourist next to the doctors .	Did the doctors introduce the manager ?	no
The tourists encouraged the author in front of the scientist .	Did the scientist encourage the tourists ?	no
The actors advised the athlete behind the senator .	Did the senator advise the actors ?	no
The judge recognized the scientists next to the banker .	Did the scientists recognize the judge ?	no
The lawyer contacted the students behind the banker .	Did the banker contact the lawyer ?	no
The artist encouraged the secretary behind the lawyer .	Did the secretary encourage the lawyer ?	no
The senators supported the judge near the tourist .	Did the judge support the senators ?	no
The actors recommended the lawyers by the managers .	Did the lawyers recommend the managers ?	no
The actors recognized the secretaries near the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recognize the actors ?	no
The judge contacted the doctors in front of the lawyer .	Did the lawyer contact the judge ?	no
The author supported the judge next to the scientist .	Did the judge support the author ?	no
The students recognized the banker by the athlete .	Did the athlete recognize the students ?	no
The senator near the authors helped the judges .	Did the judges help the senator ?	no
The tourists next to the president believed the senators .	Did the president believe the tourists ?	no
The lawyers near the author helped the professors .	Did the author help the lawyers ?	no
The lawyers introduced the judges in front of the secretaries .	Did the secretaries introduce the lawyers ?	no
The judge called the tourist in front of the manager .	Did the manager call the judge ?	no
The judge recognized the doctor behind the scientists .	Did the scientists recognize the judge ?	no
The manager admired the secretary in front of the tourist .	Did the secretary admire the tourist ?	no
The senators supported the professor in front of the actors .	Did the actors support the senators ?	no
The senator called the doctors near the student .	Did the doctors call the student ?	no
The presidents by the secretaries advised the professor .	Did the professor advise the secretaries ?	no
The president next to the actors called the athletes .	Did the athletes call the president ?	no
The student mentioned the actors by the presidents .	Did the presidents mention the student ?	no
The professors advised the senator near the lawyers .	Did the lawyers advise the professors ?	no
The banker admired the tourists behind the professor .	Did the professor admire the banker ?	no
The lawyer by the judges supported the manager .	Did the judges support the lawyer ?	no
The bankers mentioned the doctors next to the professors .	Did the doctors mention the professors ?	no
The artist next to the athletes mentioned the scientist .	Did the athletes mention the artist ?	no
The senators behind the managers contacted the tourists .	Did the tourists contact the senators ?	no
The student behind the artists called the athlete .	Did the athlete call the student ?	no
The authors next to the artists avoided the scientists .	Did the scientists avoid the authors ?	no
The judge introduced the tourist near the actor .	Did the tourist introduce the actor ?	no
The banker by the doctors recommended the president .	Did the president recommend the doctors ?	no
The doctor supported the authors near the lawyers .	Did the authors support the doctor ?	no
The scientist called the student behind the bankers .	Did the student call the bankers ?	no
The lawyer in front of the scientists contacted the tourists .	Did the tourists contact the lawyer ?	no
The banker believed the secretary by the professors .	Did the secretary believe the banker ?	no
The senator by the professor recognized the managers .	Did the professor recognize the senator ?	no
The secretary behind the professor introduced the authors .	Did the professor introduce the secretary ?	no
The judges next to the scientists admired the athlete .	Did the scientists admire the judges ?	no
The actor in front of the bankers encouraged the athletes .	Did the athletes encourage the bankers ?	no
The presidents believed the secretaries behind the manager .	Did the secretaries believe the manager ?	no
The athletes called the actors near the author .	Did the actors call the athletes ?	no
The scientist in front of the doctors stopped the athlete .	Did the athlete stop the scientist ?	no
The students near the doctor called the scientists .	Did the scientists call the students ?	no
The author recommended the artists near the secretary .	Did the artists recommend the author ?	no
The lawyer by the scientists recommended the artists .	Did the scientists recommend the lawyer ?	no
The professors near the students called the judges .	Did the students call the professors ?	no
The authors near the students believed the manager .	Did the students believe the authors ?	no
The banker behind the professor recognized the scientist .	Did the scientist recognize the professor ?	no
The professor recommended the athletes near the judges .	Did the athletes recommend the judges ?	no
The scientist recommended the secretaries in front of the judges .	Did the secretaries recommend the judges ?	no
The actors near the secretaries recommended the judge .	Did the judge recommend the secretaries ?	no
The artist by the tourist called the scientists .	Did the scientists call the tourist ?	no
The lawyers admired the athlete in front of the president .	Did the athlete admire the lawyers ?	no
The manager thanked the author behind the tourists .	Did the author thank the manager ?	no
The judges behind the athletes introduced the bankers .	Did the athletes introduce the judges ?	no
The judges behind the scientist thanked the artists .	Did the scientist thank the judges ?	no
The scientist in front of the doctor recognized the artists .	Did the artists recognize the doctor ?	no
The doctor behind the manager recognized the secretaries .	Did the manager recognize the doctor ?	no
The professors by the doctor avoided the presidents .	Did the presidents avoid the professors ?	no
The artists introduced the scientists in front of the students .	Did the scientists introduce the artists ?	no
The senators believed the judges by the actor .	Did the judges believe the senators ?	no
The actors next to the lawyer helped the tourist .	Did the tourist help the lawyer ?	no
The managers admired the artist in front of the judges .	Did the artist admire the managers ?	no
The tourist next to the athlete contacted the senators .	Did the athlete contact the tourist ?	no
The secretaries near the presidents saw the tourist .	Did the tourist see the presidents ?	no
The doctor by the scientists believed the athletes .	Did the athletes believe the doctor ?	no
The secretary recommended the student by the author .	Did the author recommend the secretary ?	no
The artists recognized the authors in front of the secretary .	Did the secretary recognize the artists ?	no
The scientists believed the senators by the lawyers .	Did the senators believe the lawyers ?	no
The students behind the authors saw the doctor .	Did the authors see the students ?	no
The doctors introduced the athlete near the secretary .	Did the athlete introduce the secretary ?	no
The doctor called the presidents behind the authors .	Did the presidents call the doctor ?	no
The banker next to the authors thanked the athletes .	Did the authors thank the banker ?	no
The scientists behind the managers stopped the actors .	Did the managers stop the scientists ?	no
The artists advised the professor behind the judges .	Did the judges advise the artists ?	no
The author in front of the senator admired the athletes .	Did the athletes admire the senator ?	no
The artists helped the students in front of the athletes .	Did the students help the artists ?	no
The athlete helped the lawyer by the doctor .	Did the lawyer help the athlete ?	no
The president by the professors helped the athletes .	Did the athletes help the professors ?	no
The athlete in front of the judges mentioned the secretary .	Did the secretary mention the athlete ?	no
The scientists supported the athletes near the professor .	Did the athletes support the professor ?	no
The judge by the scientist helped the senators .	Did the scientist help the judge ?	no
The secretary thanked the managers behind the judge .	Did the managers thank the judge ?	no
The lawyer contacted the manager behind the doctor .	Did the doctor contact the lawyer ?	no
The artists near the professors recommended the author .	Did the author recommend the artists ?	no
The lawyer saw the doctors in front of the president .	Did the doctors see the lawyer ?	no
The manager by the athlete recommended the bankers .	Did the bankers recommend the athlete ?	no
The artists saw the tourists in front of the managers .	Did the tourists see the managers ?	no
The lawyer supported the actor in front of the author .	Did the actor support the lawyer ?	no
The athletes behind the students thanked the presidents .	Did the presidents thank the students ?	no
The judges introduced the artist next to the tourist .	Did the tourist introduce the judges ?	no
The bankers near the senators mentioned the authors .	Did the authors mention the senators ?	no
The senators introduced the athlete near the doctor .	Did the doctor introduce the senators ?	no
The manager introduced the tourists next to the scientist .	Did the scientist introduce the manager ?	no
The senators in front of the athletes advised the actor .	Did the athletes advise the senators ?	no
The tourists encouraged the doctors behind the athlete .	Did the doctors encourage the tourists ?	no
The presidents advised the scientists in front of the professors .	Did the professors advise the presidents ?	no
The lawyer behind the president introduced the artists .	Did the artists introduce the lawyer ?	no
The professors stopped the managers near the scientists .	Did the managers stop the professors ?	no
The secretaries helped the lawyers in front of the tourists .	Did the lawyers help the tourists ?	no
The tourists near the bankers supported the judge .	Did the judge support the bankers ?	no
The manager admired the tourist in front of the author .	Did the author admire the manager ?	no
The students stopped the senator in front of the judges .	Did the judges stop the students ?	no
The doctor by the judges recognized the tourists .	Did the tourists recognize the judges ?	no
The banker in front of the manager stopped the artist .	Did the artist stop the manager ?	no
The lawyers by the managers believed the student .	Did the student believe the lawyers ?	no
The artist helped the managers next to the tourists .	Did the managers help the artist ?	no
The senator near the professors avoided the manager .	Did the manager avoid the senator ?	no
The bankers recognized the scientist near the senator .	Did the scientist recognize the senator ?	no
The secretary avoided the president next to the judges .	Did the judges avoid the secretary ?	no
The tourists next to the authors admired the bankers .	Did the bankers admire the tourists ?	no
The tourist next to the secretaries recognized the author .	Did the secretaries recognize the tourist ?	no
The tourists introduced the bankers next to the judges .	Did the bankers introduce the judges ?	no
The doctors behind the judges believed the students .	Did the students believe the judges ?	no
The doctors helped the secretaries near the actors .	Did the actors help the doctors ?	no
The artists next to the banker supported the presidents .	Did the presidents support the banker ?	no
The manager behind the professor introduced the judge .	Did the professor introduce the manager ?	no
The tourists advised the actor in front of the managers .	Did the managers advise the tourists ?	no
The senators helped the actor behind the secretary .	Did the actor help the secretary ?	no
The artists encouraged the secretaries near the professor .	Did the secretaries encourage the artists ?	no
The senators introduced the students near the author .	Did the author introduce the senators ?	no
The author behind the doctor admired the students .	Did the students admire the author ?	no
The judge behind the senators encouraged the author .	Did the author encourage the judge ?	no
The authors in front of the presidents thanked the students .	Did the students thank the presidents ?	no
The athletes in front of the doctors avoided the judge .	Did the judge avoid the doctors ?	no
The banker in front of the doctor believed the secretaries .	Did the secretaries believe the doctor ?	no
The secretary in front of the artist recommended the doctor .	Did the artist recommend the secretary ?	no
The doctor in front of the authors recommended the secretary .	Did the secretary recommend the doctor ?	no
The senators advised the lawyer in front of the artist .	Did the artist advise the senators ?	no
The author avoided the tourists near the judge .	Did the tourists avoid the judge ?	no
The bankers believed the lawyer next to the judge .	Did the lawyer believe the bankers ?	no
The athletes recommended the scientist behind the professors .	Did the scientist recommend the athletes ?	no
The student contacted the actor near the artist .	Did the actor contact the artist ?	no
The professor saw the senator next to the judges .	Did the senator see the professor ?	no
The managers near the presidents believed the author .	Did the author believe the presidents ?	no
The lawyers next to the doctor supported the student .	Did the doctor support the lawyers ?	no
The students advised the senator in front of the doctor .	Did the senator advise the students ?	no
The lawyers recognized the artists near the judge .	Did the judge recognize the lawyers ?	no
The professor contacted the senators next to the scientists .	Did the senators contact the scientists ?	no
The lawyers avoided the author in front of the actors .	Did the actors avoid the lawyers ?	no
The student recommended the manager next to the doctors .	Did the manager recommend the student ?	no
The judge introduced the artists in front of the senator .	Did the senator introduce the judge ?	no
The judge called the senator behind the secretary .	Did the senator call the secretary ?	no
The professor in front of the actor believed the judges .	Did the actor believe the professor ?	no
The scientists behind the secretaries recommended the students .	Did the students recommend the scientists ?	no
The senators next to the scientists thanked the lawyers .	Did the lawyers thank the scientists ?	no
The senator by the presidents introduced the lawyer .	Did the presidents introduce the senator ?	no
The doctor helped the secretaries near the lawyer .	Did the secretaries help the lawyer ?	no
The athletes encouraged the actor next to the senators .	Did the senators encourage the athletes ?	no
The secretary recommended the scientist by the senators .	Did the scientist recommend the secretary ?	no
The banker in front of the athletes believed the scientist .	Did the scientist believe the banker ?	no
The professor recognized the students near the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recognize the professor ?	no
The senators admired the students behind the judges .	Did the judges admire the senators ?	no
The manager next to the secretaries recognized the artist .	Did the artist recognize the secretaries ?	no
The managers admired the secretaries next to the athletes .	Did the secretaries admire the athletes ?	no
The doctor avoided the senator next to the actor .	Did the senator avoid the doctor ?	no
The author in front of the doctors saw the presidents .	Did the doctors see the author ?	no
The professor in front of the doctors supported the judge .	Did the judge support the professor ?	no
The secretaries by the student recommended the professor .	Did the professor recommend the student ?	no
The banker helped the athletes by the actor .	Did the athletes help the actor ?	no
The artists behind the doctor admired the banker .	Did the banker admire the doctor ?	no
The lawyers stopped the scientists behind the banker .	Did the scientists stop the lawyers ?	no
The judge behind the senators thanked the artist .	Did the artist thank the senators ?	no
The president next to the banker admired the tourist .	Did the tourist admire the president ?	no
The students avoided the scientist by the judges .	Did the scientist avoid the judges ?	no
The manager recommended the secretaries near the professors .	Did the secretaries recommend the professors ?	no
The artists introduced the secretaries behind the tourists .	Did the secretaries introduce the artists ?	no
The judge believed the author near the artists .	Did the artists believe the judge ?	no
The tourists in front of the secretaries introduced the judge .	Did the judge introduce the secretaries ?	no
The professors contacted the president in front of the authors .	Did the authors contact the professors ?	no
The presidents behind the athletes thanked the tourist .	Did the tourist thank the presidents ?	no
The judges supported the author next to the manager .	Did the author support the judges ?	no
The presidents by the professors encouraged the judges .	Did the judges encourage the presidents ?	no
The actor contacted the managers behind the judges .	Did the judges contact the actor ?	no
The scientist behind the authors recognized the artist .	Did the artist recognize the scientist ?	no
The professor next to the actors believed the judges .	Did the judges believe the professor ?	no
The athlete supported the managers by the banker .	Did the managers support the banker ?	no
The president supported the professor behind the students .	Did the professor support the president ?	no
The scientist behind the judge advised the professor .	Did the professor advise the scientist ?	no
The athletes next to the president encouraged the professor .	Did the professor encourage the president ?	no
The authors near the secretaries mentioned the artists .	Did the artists mention the authors ?	no
The scientist in front of the lawyers avoided the senator .	Did the senator avoid the scientist ?	no
The managers avoided the tourists next to the professors .	Did the tourists avoid the managers ?	no
The managers encouraged the tourists near the lawyers .	Did the lawyers encourage the managers ?	no
The author by the senators stopped the presidents .	Did the presidents stop the author ?	no
The artist supported the senators in front of the judge .	Did the judge support the artist ?	no
The actor helped the professors behind the doctors .	Did the professors help the doctors ?	no
The bankers avoided the students by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers avoid the bankers ?	no
The doctors by the judges avoided the author .	Did the author avoid the doctors ?	no
The lawyer next to the judge mentioned the students .	Did the judge mention the lawyer ?	no
The professor admired the bankers in front of the secretary .	Did the bankers admire the secretary ?	no
The actors who advised the manager saw the tourists .	Did the manager see the actors ?	no
The student who the senators thanked stopped the scientist .	Did the scientist stop the student ?	no
The judges admired the lawyers that supported the secretaries .	Did the lawyers admire the the secretaries ?	no
The authors contacted the tourist that saw the professor .	Did the professor contact the authors ?	no
The tourists who the lawyer helped encouraged the judges .	Did the judges encourage the lawyer ?	no
The actors helped the senators who thanked the professors .	Did the senators help the the professors ?	no
The manager who the tourists advised introduced the judge .	Did the tourists introduce the manager ?	no
The lawyer saw the senators that recommended the tourists .	Did the tourists see the lawyer ?	no
The bankers admired the lawyer that the students supported .	Did the lawyer admire the students ?	no
The lawyers that contacted the tourists recognized the actors .	Did the tourists recognize the lawyers ?	no
The artist that advised the student believed the athlete .	Did the student believe the artist ?	no
The judges who admired the student helped the authors .	Did the authors help the judges ?	no
The author thanked the secretary that encouraged the athlete .	Did the secretary thank the author ?	no
The scientists believed the athlete that the actor introduced .	Did the athlete believe the actor ?	no
The actors stopped the scientists who the senator thanked .	Did the scientists stop the senator ?	no
The doctor supported the judge who the artist encouraged .	Did the judge support the artist ?	no
The author believed the lawyers that the managers introduced .	Did the managers believe the author ?	no
The scientist who called the secretaries saw the authors .	Did the secretaries see the scientist ?	no
The secretaries helped the managers who the lawyers recommended .	Did the lawyers help the secretaries ?	no
The judges who contacted the secretary encouraged the athlete .	Did the athlete encourage the secretary ?	no
The artists that contacted the actor saw the scientist .	Did the scientist see the actor ?	no
The professor that helped the students contacted the athletes .	Did the athletes contact the professor ?	no
The professor avoided the secretary who the judges contacted .	Did the judges avoid the professor ?	no
The manager contacted the tourist who the student saw .	Did the tourist contact the student ?	no
The tourist thanked the bankers that the lawyer believed .	Did the bankers thank the lawyer ?	no
The actor avoided the scientists that the presidents saw .	Did the scientists avoid the presidents ?	no
The artists mentioned the professor that contacted the president .	Did the professor mention the the president ?	no
The manager saw the lawyer who the author believed .	Did the lawyer see the author ?	no
The scientists admired the professor that the manager believed .	Did the manager admire the scientists ?	no
The senator admired the artists who helped the manager .	Did the artists admire the senator ?	no
The scientist stopped the lawyers that saw the author .	Did the author stop the scientist ?	no
The lawyers advised the professors that the student encouraged .	Did the professors advise the lawyers ?	no
The author recognized the student who avoided the artist .	Did the student recognize the author ?	no
The student believed the lawyers that the doctor advised .	Did the lawyers believe the doctor ?	no
The scientist that thanked the secretaries introduced the manager .	Did the manager introduce the secretaries ?	no
The artists that mentioned the manager recognized the authors .	Did the manager recognize the artists ?	no
The doctors who thanked the artists supported the authors .	Did the artists support the doctors ?	no
The banker who the artist recommended encouraged the athlete .	Did the artist encourage the banker ?	no
The judges who the tourist stopped thanked the banker .	Did the banker thank the judges ?	no
The tourist mentioned the scientists who the secretaries recommended .	Did the scientists mention the secretaries ?	no
The actors who recommended the senators called the artists .	Did the artists call the senators ?	no
The presidents that the secretaries advised called the doctor .	Did the doctor call the presidents ?	no
The president supported the judges who the banker avoided .	Did the judges support the banker ?	no
The manager who mentioned the senator supported the doctor .	Did the senator support the manager ?	no
The secretaries who helped the manager called the actor .	Did the manager call the secretaries ?	no
The judge supported the artists that stopped the professor .	Did the artists support the judge ?	no
The athlete who the banker called advised the scientist .	Did the scientist advise the banker ?	no
The secretary who the artists avoided contacted the professors .	Did the artists contact the secretary ?	no
The manager thanked the tourist that the doctors stopped .	Did the tourist thank the manager ?	no
The managers mentioned the lawyers that the presidents thanked .	Did the lawyers mention the presidents ?	no
The doctors admired the presidents who the artist introduced .	Did the artist admire the doctors ?	no
The tourists recognized the scientist that the manager mentioned .	Did the scientist recognize the tourists ?	no
The author saw the artist that the senator admired .	Did the senator see the author ?	no
The authors who the bankers thanked believed the athlete .	Did the athlete believe the bankers ?	no
The scientist who the judges supported stopped the author .	Did the author stop the scientist ?	no
The secretaries that the bankers thanked stopped the judges .	Did the judges stop the secretaries ?	no
The author helped the doctors who stopped the judges .	Did the doctors help the author ?	no
The president called the judge that the artists admired .	Did the judge call the president ?	no
The doctor avoided the judges that encouraged the student .	Did the judges avoid the doctor ?	no
The student who the secretaries supported thanked the president .	Did the president thank the student ?	no
The author recommended the actors who recognized the bankers .	Did the bankers recommend the author ?	no
The president who the lawyers helped believed the tourist .	Did the lawyers believe the president ?	no
The doctor advised the presidents that the manager called .	Did the presidents advise the manager ?	no
The secretary who the student stopped advised the scientist .	Did the scientist advise the student ?	no
The presidents advised the bankers that called the secretary .	Did the bankers advise the the secretary ?	no
The authors who the athlete encouraged introduced the tourists .	Did the tourists introduce the athlete ?	no
The managers contacted the banker who thanked the artists .	Did the artists contact the managers ?	no
The author advised the tourists that the manager supported .	Did the tourists advise the author ?	no
The lawyers advised the secretary who recommended the scientist .	Did the scientist advise the lawyers ?	no
The students recommended the professors who admired the scientists .	Did the professors recommend the students ?	no
The doctors that helped the bankers called the scientist .	Did the scientist call the bankers ?	no
The judge that the student recognized mentioned the bankers .	Did the bankers mention the student ?	no
The professors that the senators recommended admired the bankers .	Did the senators admire the professors ?	no
The artist admired the scientists that saw the judge .	Did the scientists admire the the judge ?	no
The senator stopped the author who the president introduced .	Did the president stop the senator ?	no
The presidents supported the doctors that the manager called .	Did the manager support the presidents ?	no
The judge who the athlete contacted called the senators .	Did the athlete call the judge ?	no
The students believed the bankers that the secretaries admired .	Did the secretaries believe the students ?	no
The secretaries that the professor saw called the artist .	Did the professor call the secretaries ?	no
The tourists admired the secretary that encouraged the managers .	Did the managers admire the tourists ?	no
The doctor avoided the president who the manager contacted .	Did the manager avoid the doctor ?	no
The bankers contacted the secretary who saw the athlete .	Did the secretary contact the the athlete ?	no
The athlete contacted the manager who the students admired .	Did the students contact the athlete ?	no
The president recommended the judges that the scientist introduced .	Did the scientist recommend the president ?	no
The artist helped the tourists that believed the student .	Did the tourists help the artist ?	no
The senators that the manager contacted stopped the president .	Did the president stop the manager ?	no
The banker mentioned the judges that stopped the athletes .	Did the judges mention the banker ?	no
The president that the athletes supported helped the student .	Did the student help the president ?	no
The senator supported the doctors who advised the banker .	Did the doctors support the the banker ?	no
The professors who the manager contacted believed the authors .	Did the authors believe the manager ?	no
The artists that introduced the authors called the presidents .	Did the presidents call the authors ?	no
The doctors who saw the judges helped the artist .	Did the artist help the doctors ?	no
The athlete saw the student that supported the authors .	Did the student see the the authors ?	no
The actors who introduced the judges supported the authors .	Did the authors support the judges ?	no
The scientists who the actors believed saw the lawyer .	Did the lawyer see the scientists ?	no
The president saw the doctor that contacted the lawyers .	Did the doctor see the the lawyers ?	no
The president that the scientists stopped admired the artists .	Did the scientists admire the president ?	no
The artists mentioned the secretaries who recommended the tourists .	Did the secretaries mention the the tourists ?	no
The artists avoided the student that the doctor encouraged .	Did the student avoid the doctor ?	no
The senator that stopped the lawyers mentioned the doctors .	Did the doctors mention the senator ?	no
The actor that the doctors mentioned contacted the secretary .	Did the doctors contact the actor ?	no
The senators who the secretary saw stopped the presidents .	Did the secretary stop the senators ?	no
The senators that the authors advised contacted the tourists .	Did the tourists contact the senators ?	no
The bankers thanked the doctors that supported the actors .	Did the actors thank the bankers ?	no
The manager thanked the artists that the senators believed .	Did the senators thank the manager ?	no
The artist who the author supported avoided the senator .	Did the senator avoid the artist ?	no
The doctor mentioned the student who the lawyers saw .	Did the student mention the lawyers ?	no
The author that the actor helped introduced the artists .	Did the artists introduce the author ?	no
The tourist mentioned the judge who the scientists helped .	Did the scientists mention the tourist ?	no
The senators who the manager called saw the president .	Did the president see the senators ?	no
The scientists that the secretary recognized called the artist .	Did the secretary call the scientists ?	no
The senator saw the secretaries that avoided the tourist .	Did the tourist see the senator ?	no
The students who introduced the bankers saw the actor .	Did the actor see the students ?	no
The presidents who the tourists called saw the athletes .	Did the athletes see the presidents ?	no
The scientists contacted the actors who stopped the student .	Did the actors contact the the student ?	no
The senator contacted the scientist who recognized the professors .	Did the professors contact the senator ?	no
The banker believed the president who avoided the senator .	Did the president believe the banker ?	no
The athletes who the presidents advised introduced the author .	Did the presidents introduce the athletes ?	no
The presidents saw the senators who the athletes believed .	Did the senators see the presidents ?	no
The banker who recommended the athletes recognized the author .	Did the athletes recognize the banker ?	no
The lawyer recognized the professor who the scientist avoided .	Did the professor recognize the scientist ?	no
The actors who avoided the secretaries stopped the professor .	Did the professor stop the actors ?	no
The judge that the senators thanked recommended the secretary .	Did the secretary recommend the senators ?	no
The professors that saw the presidents advised the bankers .	Did the presidents advise the professors ?	no
The artists called the manager who the president thanked .	Did the manager call the artists ?	no
The scientists contacted the secretary that called the athlete .	Did the secretary contact the the athlete ?	no
The senator encouraged the doctor who called the scientists .	Did the doctor encourage the the scientists ?	no
The senators who the authors admired avoided the tourists .	Did the tourists avoid the authors ?	no
The senators contacted the artists that the professor believed .	Did the artists contact the senators ?	no
The secretaries that the athlete mentioned introduced the president .	Did the president introduce the athlete ?	no
The scientists saw the senator that the doctors avoided .	Did the doctors see the scientists ?	no
The actor who the senator encouraged helped the manager .	Did the manager help the senator ?	no
The tourists admired the lawyers that believed the secretary .	Did the lawyers admire the the secretary ?	no
The judge that called the scientists helped the professors .	Did the professors help the scientists ?	no
The actors that the scientists recognized mentioned the presidents .	Did the scientists mention the actors ?	no
The secretary who the tourists introduced mentioned the judge .	Did the judge mention the secretary ?	no
The athletes called the professor who the actors advised .	Did the actors call the athletes ?	no
The secretary who the athletes recommended believed the actor .	Did the actor believe the secretary ?	no
The judge that the artists contacted helped the doctor .	Did the artists help the judge ?	no
The presidents who the lawyer thanked called the senator .	Did the senator call the presidents ?	no
The author that thanked the actors mentioned the managers .	Did the managers mention the author ?	no
The senator that recommended the authors helped the scientist .	Did the scientist help the authors ?	no
The scientists advised the students that mentioned the president .	Did the president advise the scientists ?	no
The student contacted the artists who recognized the doctors .	Did the artists contact the the doctors ?	no
The doctor supported the student that the tourist stopped .	Did the student support the tourist ?	no
The athlete that advised the scientists recognized the bankers .	Did the bankers recognize the scientists ?	no
The student supported the lawyer who the secretaries contacted .	Did the lawyer support the student ?	no
The tourists introduced the doctors who the athletes recognized .	Did the athletes introduce the tourists ?	no
The athletes who the president mentioned encouraged the tourists .	Did the president encourage the athletes ?	no
The scientists helped the lawyers that saw the judges .	Did the lawyers help the the judges ?	no
The secretary advised the scientist who recognized the presidents .	Did the scientist advise the the presidents ?	no
The secretaries that introduced the authors advised the doctors .	Did the doctors advise the authors ?	no
The banker who recognized the tourists stopped the actors .	Did the tourists stop the banker ?	no
The athletes recommended the author who admired the professor .	Did the professor recommend the athletes ?	no
The senator admired the actor that the students saw .	Did the actor admire the senator ?	no
The managers that the author called recommended the athlete .	Did the athlete recommend the author ?	no
The manager who the athlete recognized avoided the presidents .	Did the presidents avoid the manager ?	no
The banker that the students encouraged admired the athlete .	Did the athlete admire the students ?	no
The scientist that stopped the secretaries recommended the professors .	Did the professors recommend the secretaries ?	no
The students contacted the bankers who the senator encouraged .	Did the bankers contact the students ?	no
The actors who the athletes contacted advised the senator .	Did the senator advise the actors ?	no
The student who the judges recommended contacted the senators .	Did the senators contact the judges ?	no
The tourist who the professors encouraged introduced the author .	Did the author introduce the professors ?	no
The president who the athlete believed thanked the secretary .	Did the secretary thank the athlete ?	no
The banker that the actors advised thanked the student .	Did the student thank the actors ?	no
The secretary who recommended the senator mentioned the artist .	Did the senator mention the secretary ?	no
The artist who the lawyers recognized introduced the manager .	Did the manager introduce the lawyers ?	no
The students supported the professors who introduced the actors .	Did the professors support the students ?	no
The authors encouraged the tourists who the actor mentioned .	Did the tourists encourage the authors ?	no
The artist introduced the doctor that the students saw .	Did the doctor introduce the students ?	no
The banker helped the professor who the actor called .	Did the actor help the banker ?	no
The artist mentioned the bankers that the authors called .	Did the authors mention the artist ?	no
The scientists who the tourist helped called the doctor .	Did the tourist call the scientists ?	no
The authors avoided the doctor who supported the manager .	Did the doctor avoid the authors ?	no
The bankers who encouraged the artist called the lawyers .	Did the artist call the bankers ?	no
The managers that the artist recognized encouraged the authors .	Did the authors encourage the managers ?	no
The scientist called the professors that recognized the students .	Did the students call the scientist ?	no
The scientists who supported the professors recognized the students .	Did the students recognize the scientists ?	no
The secretary helped the banker that the authors avoided .	Did the banker help the authors ?	no
The authors who advised the tourists saw the presidents .	Did the tourists see the authors ?	no
The actor who the banker believed helped the manager .	Did the manager help the banker ?	no
The student thanked the artists that admired the scientist .	Did the scientist thank the student ?	no
The president called the author who encouraged the judge .	Did the judge call the president ?	no
The doctors encouraged the president that the judges avoided .	Did the president encourage the doctors ?	no
The actor who avoided the artist believed the student .	Did the student believe the actor ?	no
The authors that encouraged the actors avoided the lawyers .	Did the lawyers avoid the actors ?	no
The athletes avoided the artist that the actors mentioned .	Did the actors avoid the athletes ?	no
The tourists advised the artists who called the doctor .	Did the artists advise the tourists ?	no
The judges called the bankers who recommended the doctor .	Did the bankers call the judges ?	no
The secretaries that contacted the senator saw the judge .	Did the judge see the senator ?	no
The manager that helped the lawyer supported the professor .	Did the professor support the lawyer ?	no
The tourist called the banker who contacted the lawyer .	Did the lawyer call the tourist ?	no
The lawyer encouraged the scientist who the tourist advised .	Did the tourist encourage the lawyer ?	no
The secretaries stopped the doctors that called the president .	Did the doctors stop the the president ?	no
The banker recognized the student who recommended the president .	Did the student recognize the banker ?	no
The scientist who the actors thanked contacted the banker .	Did the banker contact the scientist ?	no
The banker believed the author who avoided the managers .	Did the managers believe the banker ?	no
The artist that supported the professors believed the judges .	Did the judges believe the professors ?	no
The authors recommended the senators that believed the tourist .	Did the tourist recommend the authors ?	no
The authors that mentioned the students believed the manager .	Did the students believe the authors ?	no
The student helped the doctor that recommended the tourists .	Did the doctor help the student ?	no
The actors avoided the senator that admired the secretaries .	Did the senator avoid the actors ?	no
The scientists recommended the bankers who the judge stopped .	Did the judge recommend the scientists ?	no
The secretary who the bankers called stopped the doctor .	Did the bankers stop the secretary ?	no
The artists that the scientists advised thanked the managers .	Did the managers thank the artists ?	no
The professor thanked the senators who avoided the author .	Did the senators thank the the author ?	no
The student who believed the scientists recommended the tourist .	Did the scientists recommend the student ?	no
The secretary who the author mentioned stopped the presidents .	Did the presidents stop the author ?	no
The students who mentioned the judge called the actors .	Did the actors call the students ?	no
The doctor thanked the senators who the actor advised .	Did the senators thank the actor ?	no
The tourist that the presidents contacted helped the actor .	Did the actor help the tourist ?	no
The tourists mentioned the student who the manager thanked .	Did the student mention the tourists ?	no
The students stopped the lawyer that the judges saw .	Did the judges stop the students ?	no
The secretaries who the athlete called mentioned the author .	Did the athlete mention the secretaries ?	no
The professors who saw the tourist introduced the actor .	Did the actor introduce the professors ?	no
The artist recommended the students that saw the senator .	Did the students recommend the artist ?	no
The tourists contacted the actors that thanked the athletes .	Did the actors contact the tourists ?	no
The presidents that the lawyers stopped contacted the scientist .	Did the scientist contact the presidents ?	no
The tourists helped the judge that introduced the authors .	Did the judge help the tourists ?	no
The author that advised the athletes saw the students .	Did the students see the author ?	no
The lawyers that mentioned the artist supported the senator .	Did the senator support the artist ?	no
The artists contacted the actors that the author saw .	Did the actors contact the artists ?	no
The scientist that thanked the lawyer admired the professor .	Did the lawyer admire the scientist ?	no
The actor contacted the tourists that the banker saw .	Did the banker contact the actor ?	no
The tourist called the judge who saw the actors .	Did the judge call the the actors ?	no
The actor who recommended the artist contacted the professor .	Did the artist contact the actor ?	no
The author who recommended the lawyer stopped the actors .	Did the actors stop the author ?	no
The presidents called the athlete that thanked the judge .	Did the judge call the presidents ?	no
The managers who thanked the professor believed the senators .	Did the senators believe the managers ?	no
The doctor that the bankers contacted helped the judges .	Did the judges help the doctor ?	no
The tourists that supported the authors contacted the senator .	Did the authors contact the tourists ?	no
The athletes helped the professor that the secretaries believed .	Did the secretaries help the athletes ?	no
The actor who introduced the senator advised the athletes .	Did the athletes advise the senator ?	no
The scientist helped the doctor who the managers admired .	Did the managers help the scientist ?	no
The presidents that thanked the judges encouraged the professors .	Did the professors encourage the judges ?	no
The actor helped the artist who recognized the authors .	Did the artist help the the authors ?	no
The managers who saw the athletes believed the tourist .	Did the tourist believe the athletes ?	no
The doctor that recognized the president admired the artists .	Did the artists admire the doctor ?	no
The lawyers that the presidents advised recommended the banker .	Did the presidents recommend the lawyers ?	no
The doctor that the manager introduced avoided the artist .	Did the manager avoid the doctor ?	no
The presidents helped the authors that the athletes mentioned .	Did the authors help the athletes ?	no
The senator that the actors thanked advised the judges .	Did the judges advise the senator ?	no
The actors that the judge encouraged contacted the tourists .	Did the tourists contact the actors ?	no
The students who the athletes thanked helped the manager .	Did the manager help the athletes ?	no
The actors saw the secretaries that called the scientist .	Did the secretaries see the actors ?	no
The presidents who admired the managers supported the doctors .	Did the doctors support the managers ?	no
The students who contacted the judges recognized the scientist .	Did the scientist recognize the judges ?	no
The athletes believed the doctors that stopped the author .	Did the doctors believe the athletes ?	no
The lawyer that the scientists recognized mentioned the athletes .	Did the athletes mention the scientists ?	no
The student who admired the doctors recommended the bankers .	Did the doctors recommend the student ?	no
The managers that avoided the scientist contacted the actors .	Did the actors contact the managers ?	no
The tourists that the artist admired thanked the students .	Did the students thank the tourists ?	no
The doctors mentioned the secretary who recommended the judge .	Did the secretary mention the doctors ?	no
The doctors that the athlete encouraged saw the bankers .	Did the bankers see the athlete ?	no
The athletes who the artists avoided recognized the author .	Did the author recognize the athletes ?	no
The artist that the lawyer introduced contacted the senators .	Did the senators contact the artist ?	no
The scientists mentioned the president who the athletes avoided .	Did the president mention the athletes ?	no
The authors that the lawyer avoided supported the manager .	Did the manager support the authors ?	no
The secretary that contacted the judges stopped the artist .	Did the artist stop the secretary ?	no
The judge mentioned the actors who the student called .	Did the actors mention the judge ?	no
The actors who the president stopped contacted the judge .	Did the president contact the actors ?	no
The scientists that advised the student recommended the doctor .	Did the doctor recommend the scientists ?	no
The president that the banker mentioned recommended the doctor .	Did the doctor recommend the banker ?	no
The president believed the tourist that saw the judges .	Did the judges believe the president ?	no
The manager called the president that the scientists believed .	Did the president call the scientists ?	no
The actor that avoided the athlete supported the tourist .	Did the athlete support the actor ?	no
The bankers helped the managers who the president recommended .	Did the president help the bankers ?	no
The judge advised the secretary who encouraged the professors .	Did the secretary advise the the professors ?	no
The tourists admired the managers that helped the athletes .	Did the managers admire the tourists ?	no
The artists who stopped the tourists admired the president .	Did the president admire the tourists ?	no
The lawyer introduced the banker that contacted the authors .	Did the banker introduce the the authors ?	no
The manager contacted the bankers that the student recognized .	Did the bankers contact the student ?	no
The students that contacted the doctor thanked the president .	Did the president thank the students ?	no
The judge that recommended the doctors advised the president .	Did the doctors advise the judge ?	no
The scientists thanked the doctors that the athlete believed .	Did the doctors thank the scientists ?	no
The athlete supported the author who the student recommended .	Did the author support the athlete ?	no
The judge that the manager admired mentioned the actor .	Did the actor mention the judge ?	no
The doctor who recognized the presidents believed the lawyer .	Did the lawyer believe the presidents ?	no
The secretaries stopped the president who saw the tourist .	Did the president stop the the tourist ?	no
The athletes who the tourists recognized thanked the president .	Did the president thank the athletes ?	no
The senators avoided the professor that the judges advised .	Did the judges avoid the senators ?	no
The lawyers stopped the student who recommended the secretaries .	Did the student stop the the secretaries ?	no
The lawyers who the judge encouraged helped the secretaries .	Did the secretaries help the lawyers ?	no
The managers who admired the senators avoided the artists .	Did the artists avoid the managers ?	no
The secretary encouraged the author that recognized the judge .	Did the author encourage the secretary ?	no
The tourist who recognized the authors thanked the scientist .	Did the scientist thank the authors ?	no
The scientists who helped the athletes avoided the actor .	Did the actor avoid the scientists ?	no
The banker who introduced the lawyer helped the actor .	Did the actor help the lawyer ?	no
The secretary admired the scientist who the president avoided .	Did the scientist admire the secretary ?	no
The tourists that the president recommended encouraged the banker .	Did the banker encourage the president ?	no
The managers believed the senator that the banker recognized .	Did the senator believe the banker ?	no
The scientists avoided the senators that helped the lawyers .	Did the senators avoid the scientists ?	no
The president who helped the athletes avoided the doctors .	Did the athletes avoid the president ?	no
The manager avoided the senator that saw the judge .	Did the judge avoid the manager ?	no
The doctors that the president advised recognized the student .	Did the student recognize the doctors ?	no
The professor that the lawyers avoided believed the secretaries .	Did the secretaries believe the professor ?	no
The authors who the artists supported recommended the tourist .	Did the artists recommend the authors ?	no
The secretary that admired the judges thanked the actor .	Did the judges thank the secretary ?	no
The tourist recommended the student that the lawyers avoided .	Did the student recommend the lawyers ?	no
The athlete contacted the tourist who mentioned the bankers .	Did the tourist contact the the bankers ?	no
The student helped the tourists that the banker stopped .	Did the tourists help the banker ?	no
The judges supported the actors that the student recognized .	Did the actors support the student ?	no
The doctors who encouraged the judges called the lawyers .	Did the judges call the doctors ?	no
The presidents who supported the judges saw the bankers .	Did the judges see the presidents ?	no
The athletes called the manager that thanked the president .	Did the president call the athletes ?	no
The actor admired the athlete who stopped the manager .	Did the athlete admire the the manager ?	no
The author that advised the managers contacted the senator .	Did the managers contact the author ?	no
The judges that the authors believed thanked the professors .	Did the professors thank the judges ?	no
The scientists who introduced the banker encouraged the doctors .	Did the doctors encourage the banker ?	no
The banker who believed the author recommended the secretary .	Did the secretary recommend the banker ?	no
The athletes recognized the actors who mentioned the professor .	Did the actors recognize the athletes ?	no
The president who the authors contacted encouraged the manager .	Did the manager encourage the authors ?	no
The professors who the tourists advised introduced the secretary .	Did the secretary introduce the tourists ?	no
The presidents who the manager supported recommended the professors .	Did the professors recommend the manager ?	no
The secretaries supported the banker that called the artist .	Did the banker support the the artist ?	no
The presidents who the senator recommended believed the lawyers .	Did the lawyers believe the presidents ?	no
The artists introduced the professor that the athlete recommended .	Did the athlete introduce the artists ?	no
The manager recognized the professor who saw the authors .	Did the professor recognize the manager ?	no
The professors contacted the manager that saw the senator .	Did the manager contact the the senator ?	no
The secretary saw the artist that recommended the doctor .	Did the artist see the the doctor ?	no
The professor contacted the banker that stopped the author .	Did the banker contact the the author ?	no
The athlete who helped the doctors called the scientist .	Did the scientist call the athlete ?	no
The presidents that the manager believed recommended the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recommend the manager ?	no
The managers that the lawyer encouraged believed the scientists .	Did the scientists believe the managers ?	no
The professor called the president who believed the doctor .	Did the president call the the doctor ?	no
The manager who the doctors called advised the students .	Did the doctors advise the manager ?	no
The athletes that encouraged the secretary mentioned the authors .	Did the secretary mention the athletes ?	no
The authors recommended the actor who stopped the doctors .	Did the actor recommend the the doctors ?	no
The artist that called the secretary recognized the actors .	Did the actors recognize the secretary ?	no
The authors stopped the lawyer that avoided the doctor .	Did the doctor stop the authors ?	no
The students called the bankers who the actors recognized .	Did the actors call the students ?	no
The professors avoided the lawyer who the senator thanked .	Did the lawyer avoid the senator ?	no
The scientist recognized the authors who the judges contacted .	Did the judges recognize the scientist ?	no
The tourists admired the secretary who the doctors mentioned .	Did the secretary admire the doctors ?	no
The senators who the manager advised called the tourist .	Did the tourist call the senators ?	no
The secretary supported the authors that introduced the judge .	Did the authors support the secretary ?	no
The senators encouraged the scientists who contacted the tourist .	Did the scientists encourage the the tourist ?	no
The tourist who supported the doctors believed the banker .	Did the banker believe the tourist ?	no
The artists who mentioned the bankers saw the author .	Did the author see the bankers ?	no
The tourist introduced the lawyers who the scientist supported .	Did the scientist introduce the tourist ?	no
The doctors mentioned the bankers who the scientists stopped .	Did the scientists mention the doctors ?	no
The manager advised the judge who saw the professor .	Did the judge advise the manager ?	no
The professor advised the student who believed the secretaries .	Did the student advise the the secretaries ?	no
The athletes believed the manager that recommended the senators .	Did the manager believe the athletes ?	no
The secretaries admired the manager that the actors advised .	Did the actors admire the secretaries ?	no
The judges thanked the professors that helped the secretary .	Did the secretary thank the judges ?	no
The secretary admired the doctors that the actor thanked .	Did the doctors admire the secretary ?	no
The presidents helped the athlete who the actor encouraged .	Did the actor help the presidents ?	no
The artist avoided the president who the actor introduced .	Did the actor avoid the artist ?	no
The authors encouraged the actors who the artist believed .	Did the actors encourage the artist ?	no
The lawyers who called the manager believed the authors .	Did the manager believe the lawyers ?	no
The secretary who the athletes recognized stopped the tourists .	Did the tourists stop the secretary ?	no
The secretaries advised the professor that admired the scientists .	Did the professor advise the secretaries ?	no
The senator that the doctor introduced advised the author .	Did the doctor advise the senator ?	no
The actor that encouraged the tourists introduced the athlete .	Did the athlete introduce the tourists ?	no
The author helped the lawyers that recommended the scientists .	Did the lawyers help the author ?	no
The senators that the judge recommended avoided the secretaries .	Did the secretaries avoid the judge ?	no
The artists avoided the professors who introduced the doctor .	Did the professors avoid the the doctor ?	no
The student that mentioned the professor recommended the judges .	Did the judges recommend the student ?	no
The athletes recognized the lawyer that called the actor .	Did the lawyer recognize the athletes ?	no
The lawyers who the secretary recommended believed the managers .	Did the secretary believe the lawyers ?	no
The secretaries stopped the student who the doctors recognized .	Did the student stop the secretaries ?	no
The authors that the lawyers supported mentioned the senators .	Did the senators mention the lawyers ?	no
The student who the professors recommended mentioned the doctors .	Did the doctors mention the student ?	no
The artists thanked the lawyer that contacted the athlete .	Did the lawyer thank the artists ?	no
The judges encouraged the author who stopped the lawyers .	Did the author encourage the judges ?	no
The students who the artist supported thanked the tourist .	Did the tourist thank the students ?	no
The artist who avoided the doctors recommended the actor .	Did the doctors recommend the artist ?	no
The manager mentioned the professor who avoided the athletes .	Did the professor mention the manager ?	no
The judge that encouraged the athletes recognized the bankers .	Did the bankers recognize the athletes ?	no
The athlete that admired the artist stopped the student .	Did the student stop the athlete ?	no
The bankers encouraged the professors who supported the senator .	Did the professors encourage the the senator ?	no
The lawyers recognized the scientists that the actors avoided .	Did the scientists recognize the actors ?	no
The actors contacted the secretary that believed the lawyer .	Did the lawyer contact the actors ?	no
The scientists who the tourists avoided called the presidents .	Did the presidents call the scientists ?	no
The doctor that the president believed introduced the professors .	Did the professors introduce the president ?	no
The manager recommended the bankers who the judge contacted .	Did the judge recommend the manager ?	no
The professor recognized the managers that supported the doctors .	Did the managers recognize the professor ?	no
The scientists that the professor helped called the president .	Did the president call the professor ?	no
The banker that the athletes believed called the artists .	Did the artists call the athletes ?	no
The manager who admired the actor stopped the students .	Did the students stop the manager ?	no
The manager supported the senators that recommended the banker .	Did the senators support the the banker ?	no
The artist that helped the authors recognized the doctors .	Did the doctors recognize the authors ?	no
The judges called the bankers who introduced the presidents .	Did the bankers call the judges ?	no
The scientists avoided the athlete who the authors recognized .	Did the authors avoid the scientists ?	no
The scientist stopped the secretaries who the doctor admired .	Did the doctor stop the scientist ?	no
The tourist who mentioned the president stopped the senators .	Did the senators stop the president ?	no
The professors who the judge avoided believed the actor .	Did the actor believe the professors ?	no
The lawyer who called the artists supported the professor .	Did the professor support the artists ?	no
The artists who thanked the tourist helped the author .	Did the author help the artists ?	no
The judges thanked the senator that saw the secretary .	Did the secretary thank the judges ?	no
The athlete avoided the tourists who believed the president .	Did the tourists avoid the the president ?	no
The senator called the lawyer who the athletes contacted .	Did the athletes call the senator ?	no
The managers who called the scientists admired the students .	Did the students admire the managers ?	no
The student recognized the tourist who the senator called .	Did the senator recognize the student ?	no
The secretaries recommended the authors who encouraged the athlete .	Did the athlete recommend the secretaries ?	no
The athletes saw the lawyers that thanked the doctor .	Did the lawyers see the athletes ?	no
The judge admired the secretary who the banker believed .	Did the secretary admire the banker ?	no
The artist that advised the tourist mentioned the actors .	Did the actors mention the artist ?	no
The managers recommended the lawyers who saw the president .	Did the lawyers recommend the the president ?	no
The athletes who stopped the tourists supported the senator .	Did the tourists support the athletes ?	no
The tourist who contacted the professor believed the doctors .	Did the doctors believe the tourist ?	no
The actor thanked the athlete that contacted the professor .	Did the professor thank the actor ?	no
The secretaries called the senators who stopped the president .	Did the senators call the the president ?	no
The senator recognized the doctors that supported the professors .	Did the professors recognize the senator ?	no
The scientists that recommended the tourist thanked the authors .	Did the authors thank the tourist ?	no
The doctor supported the banker who stopped the tourists .	Did the tourists support the doctor ?	no
The student supported the athletes who encouraged the lawyers .	Did the athletes support the the lawyers ?	no
The lawyer who admired the athlete stopped the author .	Did the author stop the athlete ?	no
The scientist who the artist helped admired the professors .	Did the artist admire the scientist ?	no
The judge that the senator recommended helped the president .	Did the president help the senator ?	no
The scientists that helped the actor encouraged the authors .	Did the authors encourage the scientists ?	no
The authors who the tourist avoided mentioned the artist .	Did the artist mention the authors ?	no
The authors recognized the judges that the manager believed .	Did the judges recognize the manager ?	no
The bankers thanked the senators who recommended the actors .	Did the senators thank the the actors ?	no
The senators stopped the tourist who the doctor helped .	Did the tourist stop the senators ?	no
The judge that admired the scientist introduced the bankers .	Did the scientist introduce the judge ?	no
The president contacted the doctor that advised the lawyers .	Did the doctor contact the the lawyers ?	no
The doctors who advised the tourist believed the judges .	Did the judges believe the doctors ?	no
The athlete encouraged the students who the manager saw .	Did the students encourage the athlete ?	no
The doctor stopped the professor who supported the students .	Did the professor stop the doctor ?	no
The professors that the president called mentioned the actor .	Did the actor mention the professors ?	no
The senators contacted the judge who the actors advised .	Did the judge contact the actors ?	no
The athlete stopped the lawyers who thanked the secretaries .	Did the secretaries stop the athlete ?	no
The students contacted the actors that recognized the senators .	Did the senators contact the students ?	no
The judge who the actors avoided thanked the scientists .	Did the scientists thank the actors ?	no
The judge who the scientists supported introduced the banker .	Did the scientists introduce the judge ?	no
The lawyer that the bankers avoided encouraged the senators .	Did the senators encourage the lawyer ?	no
The professors mentioned the lawyer that advised the senators .	Did the lawyer mention the the senators ?	no
The artists that the tourists mentioned encouraged the students .	Did the students encourage the artists ?	no
The actors avoided the lawyer that called the bankers .	Did the lawyer avoid the the bankers ?	no
The athlete thanked the actor who the tourists saw .	Did the actor thank the athlete ?	no
The managers that called the student encouraged the artist .	Did the artist encourage the managers ?	no
The senators who stopped the judge saw the banker .	Did the judge see the senators ?	no
The actors that the managers advised helped the judge .	Did the judge help the managers ?	no
The president who admired the managers saw the professor .	Did the professor see the managers ?	no
The authors that mentioned the professor recommended the banker .	Did the banker recommend the professor ?	no
The doctor believed the students that admired the bankers .	Did the bankers believe the doctor ?	no
The banker who the lawyers stopped avoided the secretary .	Did the lawyers avoid the banker ?	no
The actor that stopped the artists saw the students .	Did the artists see the actor ?	no
The lawyer who the students thanked recommended the artist .	Did the artist recommend the lawyer ?	no
The students who the scientists contacted advised the doctors .	Did the doctors advise the students ?	no
The secretaries recommended the president who the doctors thanked .	Did the president recommend the doctors ?	no
The actors that encouraged the secretary introduced the doctors .	Did the secretary introduce the actors ?	no
The judges admired the tourist who saw the student .	Did the tourist admire the the student ?	no
The scientist mentioned the judges that the author saw .	Did the judges mention the author ?	no
The students recommended the tourists that the president supported .	Did the tourists recommend the president ?	no
The scientist contacted the professor who recognized the authors .	Did the professor contact the the authors ?	no
The doctor that the secretaries advised supported the actor .	Did the secretaries support the doctor ?	no
The presidents called the manager who the scientists recognized .	Did the manager call the scientists ?	no
The professors called the secretaries that the doctors supported .	Did the doctors call the professors ?	no
The presidents that the banker avoided admired the managers .	Did the banker admire the presidents ?	no
The managers stopped the judge who the author recognized .	Did the judge stop the author ?	no
The bankers recommended the tourists that the authors saw .	Did the tourists recommend the bankers ?	no
The students who the secretaries helped supported the actors .	Did the secretaries support the students ?	no
The actors who mentioned the judges supported the doctors .	Did the doctors support the judges ?	no
The doctors that the president mentioned helped the tourists .	Did the tourists help the doctors ?	no
The student stopped the scientists who the managers mentioned .	Did the scientists stop the student ?	no
The presidents contacted the doctors that encouraged the managers .	Did the managers contact the presidents ?	no
The lawyer stopped the judge that supported the students .	Did the judge stop the lawyer ?	no
The athletes advised the lawyer who admired the doctors .	Did the lawyer advise the athletes ?	no
The scientists who the artists recognized advised the senators .	Did the senators advise the artists ?	no
The president advised the tourists that the athletes stopped .	Did the tourists advise the athletes ?	no
The secretary recommended the author who avoided the actor .	Did the author recommend the secretary ?	no
The banker recognized the artist who the author recommended .	Did the author recognize the banker ?	no
The tourists who recognized the bankers stopped the senator .	Did the bankers stop the tourists ?	no
The artist thanked the scientists that the doctor admired .	Did the scientists thank the doctor ?	no
The secretaries thanked the artist that contacted the senators .	Did the senators thank the secretaries ?	no
The athletes introduced the lawyers that recognized the bankers .	Did the bankers introduce the athletes ?	no
The doctors recommended the managers who mentioned the professor .	Did the managers recommend the the professor ?	no
The doctor supported the senator that the professors avoided .	Did the senator support the doctor ?	no
The doctor who advised the secretary thanked the athlete .	Did the athlete thank the secretary ?	no
The professor who believed the managers recommended the tourist .	Did the managers recommend the professor ?	no
The author who the presidents called admired the scientist .	Did the scientist admire the author ?	no
The athlete recommended the author who the president thanked .	Did the author recommend the athlete ?	no
The artists who the managers called contacted the secretaries .	Did the secretaries contact the managers ?	no
The senators that the secretary saw admired the presidents .	Did the presidents admire the secretary ?	no
The lawyers that recommended the managers avoided the bankers .	Did the bankers avoid the lawyers ?	no
The doctor mentioned the scientist who the lawyers advised .	Did the scientist mention the lawyers ?	no
The professors recognized the doctors that called the president .	Did the doctors recognize the the president ?	no
The authors recognized the athlete that helped the president .	Did the president recognize the authors ?	no
The judge that the banker encouraged recommended the secretaries .	Did the secretaries recommend the banker ?	no
The tourists who called the authors saw the doctor .	Did the doctor see the tourists ?	no
The senators introduced the artist that supported the bankers .	Did the artist introduce the senators ?	no
The doctors who the athletes avoided believed the artist .	Did the artist believe the doctors ?	no
The author admired the judge who the senator contacted .	Did the judge admire the senator ?	no
The senator who the lawyer encouraged admired the bankers .	Did the bankers admire the senator ?	no
The tourists recognized the student who mentioned the presidents .	Did the student recognize the the presidents ?	no
The professors saw the bankers who stopped the president .	Did the bankers see the professors ?	no
The artist helped the tourist that the professors avoided .	Did the tourist help the professors ?	no
The senator who the author saw called the president .	Did the president call the senator ?	no
The student who the banker helped introduced the secretaries .	Did the secretaries introduce the student ?	no
The lawyer contacted the senators who advised the authors .	Did the authors contact the lawyer ?	no
The doctors that believed the scientist helped the lawyers .	Did the scientist help the doctors ?	no
The authors encouraged the lawyer that the student supported .	Did the student encourage the authors ?	no
The author that mentioned the presidents admired the secretaries .	Did the presidents admire the author ?	no
The athletes who avoided the doctors admired the managers .	Did the managers admire the athletes ?	no
The students who the scientist stopped supported the lawyers .	Did the lawyers support the students ?	no
The doctors who introduced the senators believed the bankers .	Did the senators believe the doctors ?	no
The senator admired the professors that encouraged the authors .	Did the authors admire the senator ?	no
The athlete mentioned the professor that contacted the manager .	Did the professor mention the the manager ?	no
The athlete recognized the senator that recommended the scientists .	Did the scientists recognize the athlete ?	no
The doctor mentioned the author that the president avoided .	Did the president mention the doctor ?	no
The student who the author mentioned contacted the judge .	Did the author contact the student ?	no
The student thanked the senators that stopped the tourists .	Did the tourists thank the student ?	no
The author saw the professor who the lawyer stopped .	Did the professor see the lawyer ?	no
The tourists called the lawyers that helped the actors .	Did the actors call the tourists ?	no
The actors thanked the senators that the doctor recognized .	Did the senators thank the actors ?	no
The artists who the bankers recommended avoided the senator .	Did the senator avoid the artists ?	no
The actors that stopped the author helped the manager .	Did the author help the actors ?	no
The professor recommended the scientists who avoided the presidents .	Did the scientists recommend the the presidents ?	no
The actor who supported the manager encouraged the lawyer .	Did the lawyer encourage the actor ?	no
The artist that the senator mentioned thanked the bankers .	Did the bankers thank the senator ?	no
The senator recognized the manager who mentioned the secretaries .	Did the manager recognize the senator ?	no
The artists that stopped the judge thanked the scientist .	Did the judge thank the artists ?	no
The artists who contacted the students introduced the professor .	Did the students introduce the artists ?	no
The artists called the tourist who encouraged the presidents .	Did the tourist call the the presidents ?	no
The student thanked the actors who encouraged the doctors .	Did the doctors thank the student ?	no
The tourists that contacted the manager called the doctor .	Did the manager call the tourists ?	no
The secretary encouraged the tourist who contacted the doctor .	Did the tourist encourage the the doctor ?	no
The actors recommended the judge that the athlete advised .	Did the judge recommend the athlete ?	no
The managers that introduced the professor mentioned the artists .	Did the artists mention the professor ?	no
The student supported the senator who the actors helped .	Did the senator support the actors ?	no
The students that supported the bankers advised the secretary .	Did the secretary advise the students ?	no
The judge that the secretary supported helped the doctors .	Did the doctors help the secretary ?	no
The actor that the managers contacted mentioned the senator .	Did the senator mention the managers ?	no
The professor recommended the athletes that introduced the student .	Did the athletes recommend the professor ?	no
The artist contacted the students who the athlete stopped .	Did the athlete contact the artist ?	no
The professors who recommended the actor thanked the tourist .	Did the tourist thank the actor ?	no
The lawyers that the tourists avoided saw the students .	Did the students see the lawyers ?	no
The tourist introduced the secretary that avoided the judges .	Did the secretary introduce the the judges ?	no
The lawyer that mentioned the scientist called the tourist .	Did the tourist call the scientist ?	no
The professor introduced the judges that contacted the presidents .	Did the judges introduce the professor ?	no
The authors helped the judge who the senators supported .	Did the senators help the authors ?	no
The bankers who thanked the artist admired the scientists .	Did the scientists admire the bankers ?	no
The actors admired the president that the lawyer thanked .	Did the lawyer admire the actors ?	no
The tourist that introduced the artist thanked the scientist .	Did the artist thank the tourist ?	no
The presidents mentioned the scientist who the students supported .	Did the students mention the presidents ?	no
The authors helped the tourists that the managers contacted .	Did the tourists help the managers ?	no
The senator who advised the tourists recommended the artists .	Did the tourists recommend the senator ?	no
The president admired the managers that mentioned the scientist .	Did the managers admire the the scientist ?	no
The judge called the president that the actors recommended .	Did the president call the actors ?	no
The banker introduced the doctors that believed the students .	Did the doctors introduce the banker ?	no
The president contacted the professors that the tourist helped .	Did the tourist contact the president ?	no
The authors who introduced the tourists called the senators .	Did the senators call the authors ?	no
The student who the athletes recommended mentioned the scientists .	Did the scientists mention the student ?	no
The judges that the artists supported called the presidents .	Did the presidents call the artists ?	no
The bankers supported the manager who mentioned the author .	Did the manager support the bankers ?	no
The senator called the presidents who thanked the bankers .	Did the bankers call the senator ?	no
The scientist that the lawyer encouraged stopped the student .	Did the student stop the lawyer ?	no
The actors who stopped the doctors saw the senator .	Did the doctors see the actors ?	no
The professor recognized the presidents that introduced the managers .	Did the presidents recognize the the managers ?	no
The professor who the doctor introduced helped the judge .	Did the judge help the doctor ?	no
The judges recommended the doctor that recognized the manager .	Did the doctor recommend the the manager ?	no
The manager that the authors stopped believed the doctors .	Did the doctors believe the manager ?	no
The secretaries who the actor stopped contacted the lawyers .	Did the lawyers contact the secretaries ?	no
The scientist who the secretary avoided encouraged the actor .	Did the actor encourage the scientist ?	no
The lawyer that the tourists believed recommended the senator .	Did the senator recommend the tourists ?	no
The banker who stopped the athletes admired the authors .	Did the authors admire the banker ?	no
The athlete advised the actors that helped the professors .	Did the actors advise the athlete ?	no
The athlete that the doctors advised stopped the student .	Did the student stop the doctors ?	no
The judges believed the author that encouraged the presidents .	Did the author believe the the presidents ?	no
The scientists contacted the banker that the athlete avoided .	Did the athlete contact the scientists ?	no
The bankers that the student helped advised the artists .	Did the student advise the bankers ?	no
The author encouraged the scientist that the athletes recognized .	Did the scientist encourage the author ?	no
The artists who the scientist advised avoided the actor .	Did the actor avoid the scientist ?	no
The scientist encouraged the lawyers that avoided the judges .	Did the lawyers encourage the the judges ?	no
The secretaries who the judges recognized recommended the author .	Did the author recommend the judges ?	no
The artist saw the banker who advised the presidents .	Did the banker see the the presidents ?	no
The senator introduced the secretaries that recognized the athletes .	Did the secretaries introduce the senator ?	no
The senators that contacted the tourists believed the athletes .	Did the athletes believe the senators ?	no
The scientists who the manager contacted called the judges .	Did the judges call the scientists ?	no
The manager who avoided the scientists contacted the athletes .	Did the athletes contact the manager ?	no
The judge mentioned the secretary that the tourists avoided .	Did the tourists mention the judge ?	no
The presidents saw the doctor that introduced the manager .	Did the doctor see the presidents ?	no
The actors who called the president admired the athlete .	Did the president admire the actors ?	no
The secretary introduced the authors who the presidents saw .	Did the authors introduce the secretary ?	no
The tourists admired the professors who the scientists avoided .	Did the professors admire the tourists ?	no
The lawyer who the authors recommended mentioned the athlete .	Did the athlete mention the lawyer ?	no
The manager who introduced the athlete saw the lawyers .	Did the athlete see the manager ?	no
The authors introduced the actor that contacted the manager .	Did the actor introduce the authors ?	no
The athlete that introduced the managers supported the students .	Did the students support the managers ?	no
The doctors believed the professors that the managers encouraged .	Did the professors believe the managers ?	no
The professors advised the athletes who the banker contacted .	Did the athletes advise the banker ?	no
The scientists introduced the doctor who the bankers advised .	Did the doctor introduce the scientists ?	no
The tourist stopped the student that the author mentioned .	Did the student stop the author ?	no
The professors advised the doctor that encouraged the judges .	Did the doctor advise the the judges ?	no
The tourists that the scientists encouraged admired the student .	Did the scientists admire the tourists ?	no
The doctor contacted the lawyer who the athlete supported .	Did the athlete contact the doctor ?	no
The athletes stopped the professor who the presidents introduced .	Did the professor stop the presidents ?	no
The president that the authors helped recognized the doctors .	Did the doctors recognize the president ?	no
The manager that recommended the professor supported the secretary .	Did the professor support the manager ?	no
The doctors who the secretaries saw recommended the tourists .	Did the tourists recommend the secretaries ?	no
The scientists that helped the author encouraged the students .	Did the author encourage the scientists ?	no
The student contacted the athlete who the scientists avoided .	Did the scientists contact the student ?	no
The presidents helped the scientist that stopped the professor .	Did the professor help the presidents ?	no
The tourists contacted the professor who recommended the senators .	Did the senators contact the tourists ?	no
The professor that the scientists stopped supported the students .	Did the students support the scientists ?	no
The president that the authors advised avoided the senators .	Did the senators avoid the president ?	no
The presidents supported the athletes who mentioned the judge .	Did the athletes support the presidents ?	no
The students introduced the athletes that admired the doctor .	Did the athletes introduce the the doctor ?	no
The scientist who mentioned the artists recognized the tourist .	Did the tourist recognize the artists ?	no
The presidents who introduced the bankers saw the senator .	Did the senator see the presidents ?	no
The actor introduced the artists who recognized the student .	Did the artists introduce the the student ?	no
The secretary that helped the doctors stopped the managers .	Did the managers stop the secretary ?	no
The athlete that the tourists recommended saw the judges .	Did the tourists see the athlete ?	no
The professor that supported the tourist recommended the judge .	Did the judge recommend the professor ?	no
The judge supported the scientist who encouraged the artists .	Did the scientist support the the artists ?	no
The professor who the judge supported encouraged the scientists .	Did the scientists encourage the judge ?	no
The judges who the tourist recognized avoided the actors .	Did the tourist avoid the judges ?	no
The artist introduced the lawyers that supported the author .	Did the author introduce the artist ?	no
The judges recognized the tourists who the artist recommended .	Did the tourists recognize the judges ?	no
The actor introduced the authors who believed the senators .	Did the authors introduce the the senators ?	no
The managers saw the judges that recommended the lawyers .	Did the judges see the managers ?	no
The secretary that the professors encouraged avoided the athletes .	Did the athletes avoid the professors ?	no
The president mentioned the authors who advised the tourist .	Did the tourist mention the president ?	no
The doctors that the artists supported recommended the lawyer .	Did the artists recommend the doctors ?	no
The tourists who advised the students recognized the authors .	Did the authors recognize the tourists ?	no
The actor that introduced the presidents recognized the bankers .	Did the presidents recognize the actor ?	no
The lawyer who the students recognized supported the doctor .	Did the doctor support the lawyer ?	no
The professor recommended the student who saw the athletes .	Did the student recommend the the athletes ?	no
The senators that the lawyer supported believed the professors .	Did the lawyer believe the senators ?	no
The secretary who the athlete thanked admired the student .	Did the athlete admire the secretary ?	no
The senator supported the scientists who the lawyer mentioned .	Did the lawyer support the senator ?	no
The presidents that the actor helped recommended the athletes .	Did the actor recommend the presidents ?	no
The banker that the managers thanked contacted the scientists .	Did the managers contact the banker ?	no
The artist that the student helped supported the secretaries .	Did the student support the artist ?	no
The judge mentioned the bankers that the professors recognized .	Did the bankers mention the professors ?	no
The judges recommended the bankers that stopped the secretary .	Did the secretary recommend the judges ?	no
The student contacted the lawyers that the senators saw .	Did the lawyers contact the senators ?	no
The artist that the professor encouraged stopped the lawyer .	Did the lawyer stop the artist ?	no
The lawyer that called the manager helped the presidents .	Did the manager help the lawyer ?	no
The lawyer that advised the manager avoided the students .	Did the students avoid the manager ?	no
The professors that helped the authors contacted the secretaries .	Did the authors contact the professors ?	no
The artists introduced the athlete that admired the students .	Did the students introduce the artists ?	no
The managers contacted the senators that admired the actors .	Did the senators contact the managers ?	no
The senators that avoided the presidents recommended the judges .	Did the judges recommend the senators ?	no
The athlete that admired the doctors mentioned the lawyer .	Did the lawyer mention the athlete ?	no
The president who saw the actor encouraged the tourist .	Did the actor encourage the president ?	no
The judges introduced the doctors that believed the lawyer .	Did the doctors introduce the the lawyer ?	no
The senators called the president that the banker avoided .	Did the president call the banker ?	no
The lawyer avoided the judge that the artist advised .	Did the artist avoid the lawyer ?	no
The secretary that the manager believed contacted the scientist .	Did the manager contact the secretary ?	no
The artist that contacted the managers encouraged the student .	Did the student encourage the managers ?	no
The banker that the author called admired the president .	Did the president admire the author ?	no
The bankers advised the author who the doctors helped .	Did the author advise the bankers ?	no
The lawyer mentioned the scientists who the managers introduced .	Did the scientists mention the managers ?	no
The managers who the artists introduced saw the banker .	Did the artists see the managers ?	no
The managers who the bankers helped called the student .	Did the bankers call the managers ?	no
The president encouraged the lawyer who contacted the judge .	Did the judge encourage the president ?	no
The athlete that mentioned the student avoided the senator .	Did the senator avoid the athlete ?	no
The secretary recommended the professor who the artist avoided .	Did the professor recommend the artist ?	no
The actors admired the scientists who the author avoided .	Did the scientists admire the actors ?	no
The judge who supported the actors encouraged the artists .	Did the actors encourage the judge ?	no
The secretaries avoided the athletes that encouraged the managers .	Did the athletes avoid the secretaries ?	no
The professors that the senator saw believed the president .	Did the president believe the professors ?	no
The doctors advised the artists who the presidents contacted .	Did the presidents advise the doctors ?	no
The lawyer that advised the tourist introduced the senator .	Did the tourist introduce the lawyer ?	no
The actors encouraged the manager who the artist advised .	Did the artist encourage the actors ?	no
The authors admired the secretary who stopped the judge .	Did the secretary admire the the judge ?	no
The lawyers who supported the banker stopped the student .	Did the banker stop the lawyers ?	no
The author encouraged the judge that the students helped .	Did the judge encourage the author ?	no
The lawyers that saw the manager recognized the authors .	Did the manager recognize the lawyers ?	no
The secretaries that encouraged the artist introduced the scientists .	Did the scientists introduce the artist ?	no
The secretaries who believed the actors called the lawyers .	Did the actors call the secretaries ?	no
The doctor who the actors supported saw the presidents .	Did the actors see the doctor ?	no
The authors that the students encouraged admired the artists .	Did the artists admire the authors ?	no
The athlete introduced the scientists that the student helped .	Did the scientists introduce the student ?	no
The doctor called the judges that the senators thanked .	Did the judges call the senators ?	no
The authors introduced the tourist who the doctors encouraged .	Did the tourist introduce the doctors ?	no
The lawyer that the professor saw mentioned the manager .	Did the manager mention the lawyer ?	no
The senator who the scientist recommended avoided the manager .	Did the manager avoid the senator ?	no
The manager advised the scientist who the professors introduced .	Did the scientist advise the professors ?	no
The judge who admired the student contacted the actors .	Did the actors contact the student ?	no
The author avoided the judge who the president believed .	Did the judge avoid the author ?	no
The authors who the president encouraged introduced the athlete .	Did the president introduce the authors ?	no
The professor who the student saw believed the actors .	Did the student believe the professor ?	no
The manager introduced the artists that the judge avoided .	Did the artists introduce the manager ?	no
The scientists introduced the artist who the author supported .	Did the artist introduce the author ?	no
The author recognized the tourists who admired the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recognize the author ?	no
The senator supported the banker who the artist called .	Did the banker support the senator ?	no
The senator that encouraged the athletes mentioned the students .	Did the students mention the athletes ?	no
The scientist that the students saw advised the artists .	Did the students advise the scientist ?	no
The actor believed the bankers who the senator recommended .	Did the bankers believe the senator ?	no
The managers that the president helped supported the lawyers .	Did the president support the managers ?	no
The tourist recognized the actor who supported the judges .	Did the judges recognize the tourist ?	no
The artists who saw the professor contacted the judges .	Did the professor contact the artists ?	no
The president helped the author that thanked the managers .	Did the author help the president ?	no
The scientist that avoided the athletes believed the senator .	Did the senator believe the scientist ?	no
The president recommended the actor who the tourist contacted .	Did the tourist recommend the president ?	no
The judge advised the secretaries who the presidents encouraged .	Did the secretaries advise the judge ?	no
The manager helped the students that the judges supported .	Did the students help the judges ?	no
The professor who the tourist saw introduced the scientist .	Did the scientist introduce the professor ?	no
The lawyers that thanked the professors saw the secretaries .	Did the professors see the lawyers ?	no
The athlete recommended the doctor that the banker introduced .	Did the doctor recommend the athlete ?	no
The students that avoided the doctor mentioned the president .	Did the president mention the students ?	no
The judges that stopped the actor believed the author .	Did the author believe the judges ?	no
The doctor mentioned the tourists who saw the actors .	Did the actors mention the doctor ?	no
The presidents that stopped the banker recommended the actors .	Did the actors recommend the presidents ?	no
The professor supported the lawyer that helped the tourists .	Did the lawyer support the the tourists ?	no
The senator contacted the judge who the doctors saw .	Did the doctors contact the senator ?	no
The senator contacted the actors who helped the secretary .	Did the secretary contact the senator ?	no
The president that the judges advised recommended the senator .	Did the judges recommend the president ?	no
The bankers who saw the tourists advised the artist .	Did the artist advise the bankers ?	no
The bankers who the athlete saw avoided the artist .	Did the artist avoid the bankers ?	no
The athlete supported the tourist who mentioned the student .	Did the student support the athlete ?	no
The actors who saw the student admired the judge .	Did the judge admire the student ?	no
The judge who stopped the senators helped the secretary .	Did the senators help the judge ?	no
The president that the managers supported advised the judges .	Did the judges advise the managers ?	no
The doctor who the tourists saw thanked the president .	Did the president thank the doctor ?	no
The judge that the president thanked introduced the managers .	Did the managers introduce the judge ?	no
The actor that avoided the professor helped the banker .	Did the professor help the actor ?	no
The presidents advised the judge who the doctors stopped .	Did the judge advise the presidents ?	no
The students who recommended the scientist advised the secretary .	Did the secretary advise the scientist ?	no
The lawyer who mentioned the actor believed the judges .	Did the actor believe the lawyer ?	no
The tourists thanked the banker who contacted the secretary .	Did the secretary thank the tourists ?	no
The professor recognized the students who recommended the athletes .	Did the students recognize the the athletes ?	no
The athlete admired the senators who the president avoided .	Did the senators admire the athlete ?	no
The actors who the tourist believed thanked the artist .	Did the tourist thank the actors ?	no
The professor that the athletes recognized helped the managers .	Did the managers help the athletes ?	no
The authors advised the secretary that stopped the artists .	Did the artists advise the authors ?	no
The athletes believed the authors that contacted the artists .	Did the artists believe the athletes ?	no
The artist that recommended the students saw the president .	Did the students see the artist ?	no
The artists advised the banker that believed the actor .	Did the banker advise the the actor ?	no
The scientists introduced the athlete who the president supported .	Did the athlete introduce the president ?	no
The managers introduced the doctor who mentioned the artist .	Did the doctor introduce the managers ?	no
The secretary that helped the judge saw the doctor .	Did the doctor see the secretary ?	no
The managers that saw the doctor contacted the judges .	Did the judges contact the doctor ?	no
The author supported the tourist that advised the secretary .	Did the secretary support the author ?	no
The athletes introduced the senators who the bankers saw .	Did the senators introduce the bankers ?	no
The doctor that contacted the president mentioned the banker .	Did the banker mention the president ?	no
The students who the senators mentioned thanked the doctor .	Did the doctor thank the senators ?	no
The athlete saw the professors who the actors advised .	Did the professors see the actors ?	no
The tourist recognized the artist who the actor saw .	Did the artist recognize the tourist ?	no
The president avoided the bankers that encouraged the actors .	Did the bankers avoid the the actors ?	no
The secretaries contacted the doctors who the actors avoided .	Did the actors contact the secretaries ?	no
The professors who the doctors recognized introduced the tourists .	Did the tourists introduce the doctors ?	no
The president admired the professors who mentioned the doctor .	Did the doctor admire the president ?	no
The senator supported the athlete who the author believed .	Did the athlete support the senator ?	no
The judges that the student believed recommended the artists .	Did the student recommend the judges ?	no
The judge that the actors helped recommended the senator .	Did the senator recommend the actors ?	no
The managers stopped the banker who thanked the lawyers .	Did the banker stop the the lawyers ?	no
The banker that recognized the judge believed the authors .	Did the authors believe the banker ?	no
The artist who avoided the authors recommended the judges .	Did the authors recommend the artist ?	no
The bankers that the senators called introduced the secretaries .	Did the secretaries introduce the senators ?	no
The professor thanked the senators that the bankers avoided .	Did the senators thank the professor ?	no
The lawyers introduced the professor that supported the judge .	Did the professor introduce the the judge ?	no
The secretary introduced the tourist who encouraged the judges .	Did the tourist introduce the secretary ?	no
The judges that the authors supported mentioned the student .	Did the student mention the authors ?	no
The athletes introduced the author who mentioned the senators .	Did the author introduce the the senators ?	no
The banker encouraged the actor that the doctor admired .	Did the actor encourage the doctor ?	no
The lawyer who encouraged the artist recognized the athlete .	Did the athlete recognize the lawyer ?	no
The manager saw the presidents that the doctors stopped .	Did the presidents see the doctors ?	no
The artist introduced the doctors that recognized the professors .	Did the doctors introduce the artist ?	no
The author recommended the students that avoided the artists .	Did the students recommend the the artists ?	no
The manager introduced the secretary that the senator advised .	Did the secretary introduce the manager ?	no
The judge who mentioned the secretary saw the artist .	Did the secretary see the judge ?	no
The athlete admired the actor that called the lawyer .	Did the actor admire the athlete ?	no
The author stopped the professor who supported the scientists .	Did the scientists stop the author ?	no
The scientists believed the athletes who the judges stopped .	Did the judges believe the scientists ?	no
The scientists stopped the author that recommended the senator .	Did the author stop the the senator ?	no
The bankers supported the lawyer that the athlete avoided .	Did the lawyer support the athlete ?	no
The doctors called the athlete who the professors supported .	Did the athlete call the professors ?	no
The students that the doctors recognized believed the tourists .	Did the tourists believe the students ?	no
The professors that supported the secretaries saw the manager .	Did the manager see the secretaries ?	no
The president who helped the authors stopped the lawyer .	Did the lawyer stop the authors ?	no
The professors that recognized the scientists admired the athlete .	Did the athlete admire the scientists ?	no
The professor thanked the doctor who the athletes mentioned .	Did the athletes thank the professor ?	no
The bankers introduced the secretary who the president believed .	Did the president introduce the bankers ?	no
The judges who admired the scientists helped the actor .	Did the actor help the judges ?	no
The author that the secretary stopped recommended the tourists .	Did the tourists recommend the author ?	no
The scientist that believed the students thanked the athletes .	Did the students thank the scientist ?	no
The actor helped the secretary that the senator mentioned .	Did the senator help the actor ?	no
The actors advised the athlete that the judges recommended .	Did the judges advise the actors ?	no
The manager advised the actors who saw the scientist .	Did the actors advise the the scientist ?	no
The professors mentioned the student who the tourists recommended .	Did the student mention the professors ?	no
The artists contacted the tourist who helped the professors .	Did the tourist contact the the professors ?	no
The president that the artists supported believed the judge .	Did the judge believe the artists ?	no
The banker saw the secretary who the professors introduced .	Did the secretary see the banker ?	no
The secretary thanked the bankers that called the student .	Did the bankers thank the the student ?	no
The artists advised the author that believed the students .	Did the author advise the artists ?	no
The athlete admired the secretaries that stopped the senator .	Did the senator admire the athlete ?	no
The judges who the artists believed mentioned the author .	Did the author mention the judges ?	no
The bankers thanked the managers who the scientist saw .	Did the scientist thank the bankers ?	no
The banker that the scientists admired supported the students .	Did the students support the banker ?	no
The judges called the secretaries who helped the managers .	Did the secretaries call the the managers ?	no
The athlete that the banker encouraged admired the student .	Did the student admire the athlete ?	no
The professors that helped the senator stopped the authors .	Did the authors stop the senator ?	no
The judges that the president recognized supported the scientist .	Did the scientist support the president ?	no
The judge supported the president that the bankers saw .	Did the president support the bankers ?	no
The actors who recognized the athletes advised the presidents .	Did the athletes advise the actors ?	no
The doctors that avoided the professors thanked the judge .	Did the professors thank the doctors ?	no
The athlete who encouraged the secretary introduced the presidents .	Did the presidents introduce the athlete ?	no
The judges encouraged the athlete that the secretary admired .	Did the athlete encourage the judges ?	no
The judge who the authors mentioned recognized the actor .	Did the authors recognize the judge ?	no
The secretaries avoided the doctors who contacted the scientists .	Did the doctors avoid the the scientists ?	no
The scientists who encouraged the athletes believed the students .	Did the students believe the athletes ?	no
The judge helped the secretaries that the lawyer mentioned .	Did the secretaries help the lawyer ?	no
The secretaries advised the doctors that the actor mentioned .	Did the actor advise the secretaries ?	no
The professors helped the banker who the judges introduced .	Did the judges help the professors ?	no
The actor who encouraged the secretary mentioned the lawyer .	Did the lawyer mention the actor ?	no
The actors believed the managers who helped the banker .	Did the managers believe the the banker ?	no
The athlete admired the student who the tourists believed .	Did the student admire the tourists ?	no
The professors that called the scientist thanked the student .	Did the scientist thank the professors ?	no
The tourists mentioned the judges that recognized the presidents .	Did the presidents mention the tourists ?	no
The judge admired the artist who saw the authors .	Did the artist admire the judge ?	no
The professors advised the senator that supported the athlete .	Did the senator advise the the athlete ?	no
The manager that recommended the judges stopped the artist .	Did the artist stop the manager ?	no
The president who called the judge admired the student .	Did the judge admire the president ?	no
The tourist that the doctors advised called the banker .	Did the doctors call the tourist ?	no
The actor called the judges who the senators stopped .	Did the senators call the actor ?	no
The banker introduced the presidents that the professor helped .	Did the presidents introduce the banker ?	no
The student who the artists contacted avoided the professors .	Did the professors avoid the student ?	no
The secretaries helped the senator that believed the professors .	Did the senator help the secretaries ?	no
The senators that the bankers called advised the tourist .	Did the tourist advise the senators ?	no
The manager that avoided the artists contacted the lawyer .	Did the lawyer contact the manager ?	no
The artists who the judge thanked recognized the athlete .	Did the athlete recognize the artists ?	no
The actors that supported the author recognized the doctors .	Did the doctors recognize the actors ?	no
The judge that the manager advised helped the lawyers .	Did the lawyers help the manager ?	no
The actors who advised the bankers supported the athlete .	Did the athlete support the bankers ?	no
The students believed the tourist who the lawyer encouraged .	Did the tourist believe the students ?	no
The doctors who the lawyer admired called the athlete .	Did the athlete call the lawyer ?	no
The secretaries encouraged the tourists who contacted the student .	Did the student encourage the secretaries ?	no
The senator saw the lawyer who the professors mentioned .	Did the lawyer see the senator ?	no
The managers avoided the secretaries who the bankers saw .	Did the bankers avoid the managers ?	no
The student that the banker recommended called the professors .	Did the banker call the student ?	no
The lawyer believed the scientists who the judges stopped .	Did the judges believe the lawyer ?	no
The senator thanked the actors that the tourist believed .	Did the actors thank the senator ?	no
The presidents called the senator who mentioned the judge .	Did the judge call the presidents ?	no
The actor thanked the artist that avoided the judge .	Did the artist thank the the judge ?	no
The student who admired the athletes supported the scientists .	Did the scientists support the student ?	no
The artist that called the senators supported the judges .	Did the senators support the artist ?	no
The scientist helped the athlete who the manager called .	Did the athlete help the manager ?	no
The lawyers called the athletes that encouraged the tourist .	Did the tourist call the lawyers ?	no
The senators avoided the scientists who the secretaries admired .	Did the scientists avoid the secretaries ?	no
The lawyers who introduced the tourists thanked the artist .	Did the artist thank the lawyers ?	no
The actor contacted the athlete that saw the senator .	Did the athlete contact the actor ?	no
The lawyers that the president mentioned contacted the secretaries .	Did the secretaries contact the lawyers ?	no
The professor recommended the judge who admired the actor .	Did the judge recommend the professor ?	no
The senator stopped the manager that the secretary helped .	Did the secretary stop the senator ?	no
The actors supported the professor that stopped the artist .	Did the artist support the actors ?	no
The athlete that contacted the artist called the manager .	Did the manager call the artist ?	no
The students who called the lawyers believed the tourist .	Did the lawyers believe the students ?	no
The tourist that the doctors contacted admired the artists .	Did the artists admire the tourist ?	no
The students called the tourists that the actors recognized .	Did the tourists call the actors ?	no
The students that saw the artist encouraged the scientists .	Did the scientists encourage the students ?	no
The bankers that the tourist recommended saw the senator .	Did the senator see the tourist ?	no
The students helped the doctors who the banker thanked .	Did the doctors help the banker ?	no
The doctors that the students believed admired the tourists .	Did the tourists admire the students ?	no
The actor introduced the athletes who encouraged the lawyer .	Did the athletes introduce the actor ?	no
The manager stopped the tourists that the author introduced .	Did the tourists stop the manager ?	no
The actor that the doctors saw admired the scientist .	Did the scientist admire the doctors ?	no
The scientists called the lawyers that the tourists encouraged .	Did the lawyers call the scientists ?	no
The students helped the scientist that mentioned the professor .	Did the scientist help the the professor ?	no
The senators that the actor admired encouraged the lawyer .	Did the lawyer encourage the actor ?	no
The scientists stopped the judge who the professor admired .	Did the judge stop the scientists ?	no
The managers that introduced the athletes helped the bankers .	Did the bankers help the athletes ?	no
The banker who the scientists admired thanked the senator .	Did the senator thank the scientists ?	no
The professors advised the senator who helped the actors .	Did the senator advise the professors ?	no
The student who recommended the athletes admired the judge .	Did the athletes admire the student ?	no
The presidents that the authors recognized called the secretary .	Did the authors call the presidents ?	no
The presidents introduced the banker that supported the lawyer .	Did the lawyer introduce the presidents ?	no
The president mentioned the banker that advised the doctor .	Did the banker mention the the doctor ?	no
The tourist who the senator believed called the professors .	Did the professors call the senator ?	no
The actor avoided the secretary that called the professors .	Did the secretary avoid the the professors ?	no
The scientists who stopped the senator believed the lawyers .	Did the lawyers believe the scientists ?	no
The professors who saw the lawyers helped the president .	Did the president help the professors ?	no
The scientist advised the manager that stopped the doctor .	Did the manager advise the scientist ?	no
The lawyer who the scientists contacted helped the senator .	Did the senator help the lawyer ?	no
The judge believed the artists that the professors contacted .	Did the artists believe the judge ?	no
The doctor that the artists saw stopped the manager .	Did the manager stop the artists ?	no
The secretary who admired the actor contacted the judges .	Did the judges contact the actor ?	no
The professors who the senator recommended called the secretaries .	Did the secretaries call the professors ?	no
The president who the lawyers saw recommended the doctors .	Did the lawyers recommend the president ?	no
The tourist that the secretary mentioned called the author .	Did the author call the secretary ?	no
The judges that the president helped introduced the authors .	Did the president introduce the judges ?	no
The doctor that the author encouraged introduced the lawyer .	Did the author introduce the doctor ?	no
The athletes who the senators helped contacted the professor .	Did the professor contact the athletes ?	no
The athletes who called the tourist recommended the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recommend the athletes ?	no
The professor mentioned the actors that the authors avoided .	Did the authors mention the professor ?	no
The doctors who recognized the secretary stopped the judges .	Did the secretary stop the doctors ?	no
The scientist recommended the artist that the doctor introduced .	Did the artist recommend the doctor ?	no
The authors saw the presidents that recognized the professors .	Did the presidents see the authors ?	no
The secretary recognized the doctor who the author called .	Did the author recognize the secretary ?	no
The authors that supported the doctor thanked the artists .	Did the artists thank the doctor ?	no
The actor that the artists avoided recommended the tourists .	Did the tourists recommend the artists ?	no
The secretaries who the artist advised mentioned the senators .	Did the artist mention the secretaries ?	no
The banker advised the doctors who the professors introduced .	Did the professors advise the banker ?	no
The senator admired the bankers that the managers recognized .	Did the bankers admire the senator ?	no
The judge who believed the tourist introduced the presidents .	Did the presidents introduce the tourist ?	no
The actors introduced the banker who the students recognized .	Did the students introduce the actors ?	no
The authors that called the judge helped the secretary .	Did the secretary help the judge ?	no
The judge who the actor admired recognized the professor .	Did the actor recognize the judge ?	no
The actor called the professor that the athlete advised .	Did the professor call the athlete ?	no
The bankers helped the professor that stopped the athletes .	Did the professor help the the athletes ?	no
The authors encouraged the scientist who the judges believed .	Did the scientist encourage the judges ?	no
The doctor who the secretary called advised the scientist .	Did the scientist advise the secretary ?	no
The athletes avoided the managers that supported the banker .	Did the banker avoid the athletes ?	no
The actors who introduced the tourists avoided the secretaries .	Did the secretaries avoid the actors ?	no
The president admired the professors who mentioned the judge .	Did the professors admire the the judge ?	no
The managers who stopped the president advised the actor .	Did the actor advise the president ?	no
The lawyer that encouraged the professor stopped the banker .	Did the banker stop the professor ?	no
The scientists who the secretaries stopped avoided the author .	Did the author avoid the scientists ?	no
The actor that advised the student supported the managers .	Did the managers support the actor ?	no
The judges that the secretaries recognized stopped the lawyers .	Did the lawyers stop the judges ?	no
The actors that mentioned the professor avoided the secretary .	Did the professor avoid the actors ?	no
The judge avoided the athletes that the author saw .	Did the athletes avoid the judge ?	no
The lawyers avoided the judges that advised the student .	Did the judges avoid the the student ?	no
The secretaries who supported the managers called the judges .	Did the managers call the secretaries ?	no
The senator advised the students that the presidents thanked .	Did the students advise the senator ?	no
The doctors that thanked the scientists introduced the professors .	Did the professors introduce the scientists ?	no
The president who the student recommended encouraged the doctors .	Did the doctors encourage the president ?	no
The professors thanked the scientists that supported the artist .	Did the artist thank the professors ?	no
The author who encouraged the doctor saw the athlete .	Did the athlete see the doctor ?	no
The scientists helped the artist that the judges supported .	Did the artist help the scientists ?	no
The bankers advised the actor that admired the judge .	Did the judge advise the bankers ?	no
The artist that the professor mentioned called the presidents .	Did the professor call the artist ?	no
The scientist mentioned the tourists that the manager contacted .	Did the tourists mention the manager ?	no
The senators recommended the author that introduced the artists .	Did the author recommend the senators ?	no
The senators who stopped the author saw the actors .	Did the actors see the author ?	no
The presidents admired the doctors who the artist encouraged .	Did the doctors admire the artist ?	no
The actor who admired the lawyers thanked the students .	Did the lawyers thank the actor ?	no
The lawyers admired the artist who recommended the doctors .	Did the doctors admire the lawyers ?	no
The professor that saw the tourist supported the managers .	Did the managers support the tourist ?	no
The student who encouraged the manager believed the judge .	Did the judge believe the student ?	no
The scientist saw the author who the judges mentioned .	Did the author see the scientist ?	no
The professor who the athletes encouraged helped the student .	Did the student help the athletes ?	no
The student avoided the presidents that mentioned the tourists .	Did the tourists avoid the student ?	no
The tourist introduced the bankers that the senators thanked .	Did the bankers introduce the senators ?	no
The presidents that the senator stopped called the athlete .	Did the athlete call the presidents ?	no
The senator who stopped the professors called the judges .	Did the judges call the senator ?	no
The artist that called the president believed the actors .	Did the president believe the artist ?	no
The secretary encouraged the lawyers who believed the presidents .	Did the lawyers encourage the the presidents ?	no
The doctors called the lawyers who the author saw .	Did the lawyers call the doctors ?	no
The senators admired the doctor who the scientists recognized .	Did the scientists admire the senators ?	no
The managers who the lawyer helped supported the actor .	Did the actor support the lawyer ?	no
The secretaries that supported the banker believed the lawyers .	Did the banker believe the secretaries ?	no
The students who the doctors helped saw the lawyers .	Did the doctors see the students ?	no
The presidents introduced the artist that the managers avoided .	Did the managers introduce the presidents ?	no
The student that advised the bankers called the managers .	Did the managers call the student ?	no
The tourists introduced the president who helped the students .	Did the students introduce the tourists ?	no
The actors contacted the banker who admired the secretary .	Did the banker contact the actors ?	no
The lawyer believed the students who avoided the tourists .	Did the tourists believe the lawyer ?	no
The artist that the judges saw mentioned the author .	Did the author mention the artist ?	no
The professor who the secretaries supported helped the president .	Did the secretaries help the professor ?	no
The bankers introduced the tourists that advised the senators .	Did the tourists introduce the bankers ?	no
The secretaries stopped the tourists who the artist mentioned .	Did the artist stop the secretaries ?	no
The students called the senator who thanked the author .	Did the senator call the the author ?	no
The secretary mentioned the professor who the president supported .	Did the professor mention the secretary ?	no
The doctors who saw the artist admired the scientist .	Did the scientist admire the doctors ?	no
The artists who saw the lawyer introduced the bankers .	Did the bankers introduce the lawyer ?	no
The judge contacted the senator who called the managers .	Did the senator contact the the managers ?	no
The banker stopped the senator who the secretaries thanked .	Did the secretaries stop the banker ?	no
The tourists called the senator who the students mentioned .	Did the students call the tourists ?	no
The secretary thanked the athlete that the professors recommended .	Did the professors thank the secretary ?	no
The professor admired the tourist that the athlete mentioned .	Did the tourist admire the athlete ?	no
The lawyers saw the judges who supported the tourist .	Did the judges see the lawyers ?	no
The students called the banker who believed the athlete .	Did the athlete call the students ?	no
The secretary that mentioned the doctor recommended the tourist .	Did the tourist recommend the doctor ?	no
The secretaries that contacted the actor recognized the professor .	Did the professor recognize the secretaries ?	no
The authors that called the senator thanked the artist .	Did the artist thank the authors ?	no
The student recognized the secretary who believed the lawyers .	Did the secretary recognize the the lawyers ?	no
The artists who the athletes helped mentioned the student .	Did the athletes mention the artists ?	no
The judges that the artists introduced called the tourists .	Did the tourists call the judges ?	no
The presidents introduced the banker who recommended the managers .	Did the banker introduce the presidents ?	no
The manager who the artist contacted introduced the scientists .	Did the scientists introduce the manager ?	no
The judges that recognized the scientists avoided the artist .	Did the artist avoid the scientists ?	no
The lawyer recommended the judge who stopped the secretary .	Did the secretary recommend the lawyer ?	no
The tourists that supported the judges saw the scientist .	Did the scientist see the judges ?	no
The athlete that the professor recognized supported the secretaries .	Did the secretaries support the athlete ?	no
The artists that the students helped stopped the scientists .	Did the students stop the artists ?	no
The authors that the managers recommended admired the scientist .	Did the scientist admire the authors ?	no
The authors who introduced the student mentioned the senator .	Did the student mention the authors ?	no
The scientists advised the student who the lawyer avoided .	Did the student advise the lawyer ?	no
The actors advised the tourist who believed the athletes .	Did the tourist advise the actors ?	no
The actor who the manager supported stopped the author .	Did the manager stop the actor ?	no
The manager who the lawyer saw called the bankers .	Did the lawyer call the manager ?	no
The athletes avoided the tourist who thanked the president .	Did the tourist avoid the the president ?	no
The doctor avoided the scientist that advised the author .	Did the scientist avoid the the author ?	no
The judge who the senators recommended believed the doctor .	Did the doctor believe the senators ?	no
The actors that the secretary avoided believed the author .	Did the author believe the actors ?	no
The professor recommended the secretaries that the student recognized .	Did the secretaries recommend the student ?	no
The author admired the athletes that the secretaries encouraged .	Did the secretaries admire the author ?	no
The scientists who called the authors saw the artists .	Did the artists see the scientists ?	no
The athletes stopped the author that the scientist thanked .	Did the author stop the scientist ?	no
The artists saw the lawyer that believed the secretary .	Did the lawyer see the artists ?	no
The president who admired the doctors thanked the scientists .	Did the doctors thank the president ?	no
The lawyers mentioned the presidents that the senators thanked .	Did the senators mention the lawyers ?	no
The students saw the lawyers that supported the president .	Did the president see the students ?	no
The actor who the secretary called supported the professor .	Did the professor support the actor ?	no
The athletes who the secretary believed advised the doctor .	Did the doctor advise the secretary ?	no
The judge avoided the professors that the doctors recognized .	Did the professors avoid the judge ?	no
The managers thanked the judge that the professor encouraged .	Did the judge thank the professor ?	no
The doctor recognized the scientist who called the actor .	Did the scientist recognize the the actor ?	no
The lawyers advised the athlete that the artist contacted .	Did the artist advise the lawyers ?	no
The professors that encouraged the artists believed the doctor .	Did the doctor believe the professors ?	no
The artist encouraged the doctors who the athletes called .	Did the doctors encourage the artist ?	no
The managers recognized the banker who avoided the athletes .	Did the banker recognize the managers ?	no
The doctor saw the scientist who helped the professor .	Did the professor see the doctor ?	no
The authors advised the president that the scientist encouraged .	Did the president advise the scientist ?	no
The managers were advised by the athlete .	Did the managers advise the athlete ?	no
The lawyers were recommended by the doctor .	Did the lawyers recommend the doctor ?	no
The presidents were stopped by the artist .	Did the presidents stop the artist ?	no
The managers were introduced by the scientists .	Did the managers introduce the scientists ?	no
The students were recognized by the president .	Did the students recognize the president ?	no
The professor was helped by the doctors .	Did the professor help the doctors ?	no
The scientist was recommended by the doctor .	Did the scientist recommend the doctor ?	no
The lawyers were thanked by the senator .	Did the lawyers thank the senator ?	no
The president was avoided by the students .	Did the president avoid the students ?	no
The manager was introduced by the professor .	Did the manager introduce the professor ?	no
The banker was avoided by the tourist .	Did the banker avoid the tourist ?	no
The scientists were thanked by the judge .	Did the scientists thank the judge ?	no
The artists were believed by the professors .	Did the artists believe the professors ?	no
The students were encouraged by the athlete .	Did the students encourage the athlete ?	no
The students were encouraged by the authors .	Did the students encourage the authors ?	no
The artist was believed by the president .	Did the artist believe the president ?	no
The judge was recognized by the artist .	Did the judge recognize the artist ?	no
The doctors were thanked by the professors .	Did the doctors thank the professors ?	no
The tourists were thanked by the artist .	Did the tourists thank the artist ?	no
The authors were thanked by the bankers .	Did the authors thank the bankers ?	no
The authors were recommended by the doctors .	Did the authors recommend the doctors ?	no
The lawyers were mentioned by the scientist .	Did the lawyers mention the scientist ?	no
The secretary was thanked by the doctor .	Did the secretary thank the doctor ?	no
The scientist was contacted by the lawyers .	Did the scientist contact the lawyers ?	no
The artists were stopped by the manager .	Did the artists stop the manager ?	no
The athlete was mentioned by the lawyers .	Did the athlete mention the lawyers ?	no
The tourist was recommended by the athlete .	Did the tourist recommend the athlete ?	no
The athlete was supported by the doctors .	Did the athlete support the doctors ?	no
The judge was encouraged by the managers .	Did the judge encourage the managers ?	no
The doctor was supported by the professor .	Did the doctor support the professor ?	no
The judge was encouraged by the scientist .	Did the judge encourage the scientist ?	no
The doctor was avoided by the artist .	Did the doctor avoid the artist ?	no
The doctor was recommended by the students .	Did the doctor recommend the students ?	no
The manager was supported by the author .	Did the manager support the author ?	no
The scientists were stopped by the lawyers .	Did the scientists stop the lawyers ?	no
The doctor was recognized by the bankers .	Did the doctor recognize the bankers ?	no
The authors were recognized by the lawyer .	Did the authors recognize the lawyer ?	no
The professors were recommended by the doctors .	Did the professors recommend the doctors ?	no
The presidents were mentioned by the scientists .	Did the presidents mention the scientists ?	no
The presidents were helped by the author .	Did the presidents help the author ?	no
The scientists were encouraged by the author .	Did the scientists encourage the author ?	no
The lawyers were admired by the doctor .	Did the lawyers admire the doctor ?	no
The lawyer was avoided by the senators .	Did the lawyer avoid the senators ?	no
The author was avoided by the scientists .	Did the author avoid the scientists ?	no
The tourist was admired by the presidents .	Did the tourist admire the presidents ?	no
The managers were stopped by the students .	Did the managers stop the students ?	no
The lawyer was believed by the judge .	Did the lawyer believe the judge ?	no
The artists were admired by the lawyer .	Did the artists admire the lawyer ?	no
The actor was introduced by the senators .	Did the actor introduce the senators ?	no
The students were helped by the presidents .	Did the students help the presidents ?	no
The author was introduced by the athlete .	Did the author introduce the athlete ?	no
The senator was encouraged by the judges .	Did the senator encourage the judges ?	no
The scientists were recommended by the doctor .	Did the scientists recommend the doctor ?	no
The scientist was contacted by the lawyer .	Did the scientist contact the lawyer ?	no
The president was mentioned by the athletes .	Did the president mention the athletes ?	no
The artists were supported by the lawyers .	Did the artists support the lawyers ?	no
The lawyers were mentioned by the artists .	Did the lawyers mention the artists ?	no
The judges were encouraged by the athletes .	Did the judges encourage the athletes ?	no
The doctor was supported by the president .	Did the doctor support the president ?	no
The senators were helped by the authors .	Did the senators help the authors ?	no
The judge was recommended by the professors .	Did the judge recommend the professors ?	no
The author was thanked by the secretary .	Did the author thank the secretary ?	no
The tourist was introduced by the lawyers .	Did the tourist introduce the lawyers ?	no
The athlete was believed by the scientists .	Did the athlete believe the scientists ?	no
The secretary was admired by the athlete .	Did the secretary admire the athlete ?	no
The students were supported by the artist .	Did the students support the artist ?	no
The judge was recognized by the professors .	Did the judge recognize the professors ?	no
The lawyer was encouraged by the secretaries .	Did the lawyer encourage the secretaries ?	no
The judges were believed by the professor .	Did the judges believe the professor ?	no
The student was admired by the authors .	Did the student admire the authors ?	no
The author was contacted by the athlete .	Did the author contact the athlete ?	no
The artists were encouraged by the scientists .	Did the artists encourage the scientists ?	no
The manager was advised by the secretaries .	Did the manager advise the secretaries ?	no
The scientists were contacted by the actor .	Did the scientists contact the actor ?	no
The doctor was thanked by the senators .	Did the doctor thank the senators ?	no
The doctors were introduced by the athlete .	Did the doctors introduce the athlete ?	no
The bankers were thanked by the judge .	Did the bankers thank the judge ?	no
The tourists were introduced by the author .	Did the tourists introduce the author ?	no
The managers were introduced by the scientist .	Did the managers introduce the scientist ?	no
The actor was stopped by the lawyer .	Did the actor stop the lawyer ?	no
The actors were mentioned by the presidents .	Did the actors mention the presidents ?	no
The artists were introduced by the judge .	Did the artists introduce the judge ?	no
The actors were mentioned by the lawyers .	Did the actors mention the lawyers ?	no
The authors were admired by the artist .	Did the authors admire the artist ?	no
The actors were mentioned by the lawyer .	Did the actors mention the lawyer ?	no
The author was supported by the presidents .	Did the author support the presidents ?	no
The scientists were recommended by the secretary .	Did the scientists recommend the secretary ?	no
The lawyers were contacted by the secretary .	Did the lawyers contact the secretary ?	no
The scientists were believed by the secretaries .	Did the scientists believe the secretaries ?	no
The athletes were avoided by the professors .	Did the athletes avoid the professors ?	no
The judge was supported by the student .	Did the judge support the student ?	no
The professor was contacted by the author .	Did the professor contact the author ?	no
The secretary was encouraged by the athlete .	Did the secretary encourage the athlete ?	no
The tourist was mentioned by the lawyers .	Did the tourist mention the lawyers ?	no
The scientist was introduced by the student .	Did the scientist introduce the student ?	no
The presidents were helped by the professors .	Did the presidents help the professors ?	no
The tourists were mentioned by the athlete .	Did the tourists mention the athlete ?	no
The doctor was helped by the actor .	Did the doctor help the actor ?	no
The secretaries were advised by the professor .	Did the secretaries advise the professor ?	no
The student was introduced by the scientist .	Did the student introduce the scientist ?	no
The manager was avoided by the athlete .	Did the manager avoid the athlete ?	no
The senator was mentioned by the professors .	Did the senator mention the professors ?	no
The president was thanked by the student .	Did the president thank the student ?	no
The students were introduced by the athlete .	Did the students introduce the athlete ?	no
The athlete was stopped by the doctor .	Did the athlete stop the doctor ?	no
The managers were thanked by the doctor .	Did the managers thank the doctor ?	no
The scientist was mentioned by the student .	Did the scientist mention the student ?	no
The author was recognized by the artist .	Did the author recognize the artist ?	no
The scientists were admired by the professors .	Did the scientists admire the professors ?	no
The presidents were advised by the judges .	Did the presidents advise the judges ?	no
The artist was recognized by the judges .	Did the artist recognize the judges ?	no
The artists were introduced by the judges .	Did the artists introduce the judges ?	no
The doctor was mentioned by the actors .	Did the doctor mention the actors ?	no
The presidents were avoided by the senators .	Did the presidents avoid the senators ?	no
The lawyer was introduced by the president .	Did the lawyer introduce the president ?	no
The artist was encouraged by the actors .	Did the artist encourage the actors ?	no
The athlete was recognized by the lawyers .	Did the athlete recognize the lawyers ?	no
The manager was helped by the presidents .	Did the manager help the presidents ?	no
The scientists were contacted by the student .	Did the scientists contact the student ?	no
The secretary was believed by the doctors .	Did the secretary believe the doctors ?	no
The athletes were encouraged by the student .	Did the athletes encourage the student ?	no
The secretary was stopped by the scientists .	Did the secretary stop the scientists ?	no
The tourists were stopped by the scientists .	Did the tourists stop the scientists ?	no
The tourists were helped by the actors .	Did the tourists help the actors ?	no
The doctor was stopped by the manager .	Did the doctor stop the manager ?	no
The athletes were believed by the author .	Did the athletes believe the author ?	no
The bankers were admired by the lawyers .	Did the bankers admire the lawyers ?	no
The actor was contacted by the doctors .	Did the actor contact the doctors ?	no
The actor was admired by the scientist .	Did the actor admire the scientist ?	no
The athlete was contacted by the author .	Did the athlete contact the author ?	no
The secretaries were mentioned by the lawyer .	Did the secretaries mention the lawyer ?	no
The lawyer was thanked by the scientists .	Did the lawyer thank the scientists ?	no
The doctors were encouraged by the scientists .	Did the doctors encourage the scientists ?	no
The students were supported by the bankers .	Did the students support the bankers ?	no
The tourists were believed by the author .	Did the tourists believe the author ?	no
The scientist was advised by the secretaries .	Did the scientist advise the secretaries ?	no
The tourist was encouraged by the senator .	Did the tourist encourage the senator ?	no
The doctor was contacted by the judges .	Did the doctor contact the judges ?	no
The managers were stopped by the judges .	Did the managers stop the judges ?	no
The doctors were encouraged by the judge .	Did the doctors encourage the judge ?	no
The artists were advised by the author .	Did the artists advise the author ?	no
The judge was contacted by the president .	Did the judge contact the president ?	no
The athletes were advised by the judge .	Did the athletes advise the judge ?	no
The senator was supported by the doctor .	Did the senator support the doctor ?	no
The managers were contacted by the scientists .	Did the managers contact the scientists ?	no
The artist was introduced by the senator .	Did the artist introduce the senator ?	no
The athlete was helped by the bankers .	Did the athlete help the bankers ?	no
The secretary was admired by the student .	Did the secretary admire the student ?	no
The athletes were admired by the scientist .	Did the athletes admire the scientist ?	no
The actor was encouraged by the tourists .	Did the actor encourage the tourists ?	no
The lawyers were recommended by the tourist .	Did the lawyers recommend the tourist ?	no
The secretaries were contacted by the senator .	Did the secretaries contact the senator ?	no
The judge was contacted by the bankers .	Did the judge contact the bankers ?	no
The banker was stopped by the scientist .	Did the banker stop the scientist ?	no
The lawyers were encouraged by the senators .	Did the lawyers encourage the senators ?	no
The athlete was stopped by the lawyer .	Did the athlete stop the lawyer ?	no
The president was advised by the professors .	Did the president advise the professors ?	no
The doctors were recommended by the athlete .	Did the doctors recommend the athlete ?	no
The athletes were helped by the artists .	Did the athletes help the artists ?	no
The actors were admired by the senator .	Did the actors admire the senator ?	no
The presidents were recommended by the artists .	Did the presidents recommend the artists ?	no
The students were mentioned by the artists .	Did the students mention the artists ?	no
The manager was believed by the banker .	Did the manager believe the banker ?	no
The manager was believed by the scientist .	Did the manager believe the scientist ?	no
The manager was supported by the students .	Did the manager support the students ?	no
The athlete was thanked by the tourist .	Did the athlete thank the tourist ?	no
The scientist was avoided by the doctors .	Did the scientist avoid the doctors ?	no
The students were helped by the scientist .	Did the students help the scientist ?	no
The banker was supported by the doctors .	Did the banker support the doctors ?	no
The banker was recognized by the scientist .	Did the banker recognize the scientist ?	no
The authors were supported by the banker .	Did the authors support the banker ?	no
The students were supported by the tourist .	Did the students support the tourist ?	no
The professors were advised by the manager .	Did the professors advise the manager ?	no
The presidents were thanked by the actor .	Did the presidents thank the actor ?	no
The student was introduced by the scientists .	Did the student introduce the scientists ?	no
The athlete was supported by the banker .	Did the athlete support the banker ?	no
The secretaries were introduced by the artists .	Did the secretaries introduce the artists ?	no
The secretaries were contacted by the artists .	Did the secretaries contact the artists ?	no
The managers were believed by the doctor .	Did the managers believe the doctor ?	no
The judge was recognized by the senator .	Did the judge recognize the senator ?	no
The actor was encouraged by the doctors .	Did the actor encourage the doctors ?	no
The authors were advised by the senators .	Did the authors advise the senators ?	no
The athlete was advised by the bankers .	Did the athlete advise the bankers ?	no
The secretaries were admired by the professor .	Did the secretaries admire the professor ?	no
The tourist was supported by the secretary .	Did the tourist support the secretary ?	no
The authors were avoided by the president .	Did the authors avoid the president ?	no
The president was thanked by the artist .	Did the president thank the artist ?	no
The judges were thanked by the student .	Did the judges thank the student ?	no
The banker was contacted by the president .	Did the banker contact the president ?	no
The judges were avoided by the manager .	Did the judges avoid the manager ?	no
The actors were mentioned by the students .	Did the actors mention the students ?	no
The athletes were stopped by the actors .	Did the athletes stop the actors ?	no
The actor was admired by the artist .	Did the actor admire the artist ?	no
The authors were avoided by the actors .	Did the authors avoid the actors ?	no
The artist was believed by the bankers .	Did the artist believe the bankers ?	no
The banker was avoided by the professors .	Did the banker avoid the professors ?	no
The students were advised by the actor .	Did the students advise the actor ?	no
The senator was helped by the scientists .	Did the senator help the scientists ?	no
The judges were advised by the artist .	Did the judges advise the artist ?	no
The secretary was supported by the lawyer .	Did the secretary support the lawyer ?	no
The lawyers were encouraged by the scientists .	Did the lawyers encourage the scientists ?	no
The secretaries were mentioned by the author .	Did the secretaries mention the author ?	no
The banker was believed by the actor .	Did the banker believe the actor ?	no
The tourists were encouraged by the lawyers .	Did the tourists encourage the lawyers ?	no
The author was advised by the managers .	Did the author advise the managers ?	no
The judges were stopped by the professors .	Did the judges stop the professors ?	no
The lawyers were believed by the artists .	Did the lawyers believe the artists ?	no
The actors were admired by the athlete .	Did the actors admire the athlete ?	no
The author was stopped by the actor .	Did the author stop the actor ?	no
The lawyers were stopped by the president .	Did the lawyers stop the president ?	no
The authors were thanked by the doctors .	Did the authors thank the doctors ?	no
The lawyer was contacted by the tourist .	Did the lawyer contact the tourist ?	no
The artists were admired by the student .	Did the artists admire the student ?	no
The professors were admired by the bankers .	Did the professors admire the bankers ?	no
The actor was encouraged by the artists .	Did the actor encourage the artists ?	no
The professor was admired by the athletes .	Did the professor admire the athletes ?	no
The president was introduced by the tourists .	Did the president introduce the tourists ?	no
The judge was avoided by the banker .	Did the judge avoid the banker ?	no
The lawyer was avoided by the secretaries .	Did the lawyer avoid the secretaries ?	no
The professor was encouraged by the secretary .	Did the professor encourage the secretary ?	no
The senator was avoided by the student .	Did the senator avoid the student ?	no
The presidents were stopped by the doctors .	Did the presidents stop the doctors ?	no
The lawyers were helped by the judge .	Did the lawyers help the judge ?	no
The lawyers were avoided by the actor .	Did the lawyers avoid the actor ?	no
The athletes were contacted by the actors .	Did the athletes contact the actors ?	no
The professor was believed by the manager .	Did the professor believe the manager ?	no
The banker was introduced by the president .	Did the banker introduce the president ?	no
The senators were contacted by the scientist .	Did the senators contact the scientist ?	no
The athletes were encouraged by the president .	Did the athletes encourage the president ?	no
The tourists were mentioned by the judge .	Did the tourists mention the judge ?	no
The secretaries were thanked by the athlete .	Did the secretaries thank the athlete ?	no
The senator was recognized by the artists .	Did the senator recognize the artists ?	no
The students were contacted by the judge .	Did the students contact the judge ?	no
The athlete was mentioned by the bankers .	Did the athlete mention the bankers ?	no
The secretary was introduced by the judges .	Did the secretary introduce the judges ?	no
The judge was encouraged by the lawyers .	Did the judge encourage the lawyers ?	no
The lawyers were thanked by the tourist .	Did the lawyers thank the tourist ?	no
The president was stopped by the author .	Did the president stop the author ?	no
The doctor was encouraged by the actor .	Did the doctor encourage the actor ?	no
The banker was encouraged by the athletes .	Did the banker encourage the athletes ?	no
The artists were supported by the scientists .	Did the artists support the scientists ?	no
The judge was introduced by the actor .	Did the judge introduce the actor ?	no
The actors were advised by the scientists .	Did the actors advise the scientists ?	no
The authors were contacted by the actor .	Did the authors contact the actor ?	no
The doctors were contacted by the lawyer .	Did the doctors contact the lawyer ?	no
The senators were stopped by the student .	Did the senators stop the student ?	no
The president was avoided by the artist .	Did the president avoid the artist ?	no
The scientist was introduced by the athlete .	Did the scientist introduce the athlete ?	no
The secretary was contacted by the actor .	Did the secretary contact the actor ?	no
The presidents were encouraged by the secretary .	Did the presidents encourage the secretary ?	no
The managers were thanked by the bankers .	Did the managers thank the bankers ?	no
The actors were encouraged by the president .	Did the actors encourage the president ?	no
The artist was introduced by the doctors .	Did the artist introduce the doctors ?	no
The doctors were stopped by the manager .	Did the doctors stop the manager ?	no
The manager was advised by the lawyer .	Did the manager advise the lawyer ?	no
The scientist was believed by the actors .	Did the scientist believe the actors ?	no
The tourists were advised by the scientists .	Did the tourists advise the scientists ?	no
The presidents were avoided by the banker .	Did the presidents avoid the banker ?	no
The doctor was recognized by the author .	Did the doctor recognize the author ?	no
The author was advised by the professor .	Did the author advise the professor ?	no
The authors were avoided by the senators .	Did the authors avoid the senators ?	no
The doctor was introduced by the scientist .	Did the doctor introduce the scientist ?	no
The senator was stopped by the doctor .	Did the senator stop the doctor ?	no
The secretary was contacted by the athletes .	Did the secretary contact the athletes ?	no
The athlete was admired by the lawyer .	Did the athlete admire the lawyer ?	no
The tourist was advised by the scientist .	Did the tourist advise the scientist ?	no
The students were believed by the senators .	Did the students believe the senators ?	no
The athlete was encouraged by the judge .	Did the athlete encourage the judge ?	no
The bankers were recommended by the student .	Did the bankers recommend the student ?	no
The presidents were helped by the banker .	Did the presidents help the banker ?	no
The lawyer was advised by the secretary .	Did the lawyer advise the secretary ?	no
The senator was introduced by the managers .	Did the senator introduce the managers ?	no
The lawyer was recommended by the scientists .	Did the lawyer recommend the scientists ?	no
The actor was mentioned by the authors .	Did the actor mention the authors ?	no
The authors were believed by the athlete .	Did the authors believe the athlete ?	no
The lawyers were thanked by the judge .	Did the lawyers thank the judge ?	no
The presidents were helped by the actors .	Did the presidents help the actors ?	no
The president was stopped by the managers .	Did the president stop the managers ?	no
The judges were supported by the secretary .	Did the judges support the secretary ?	no
The student was contacted by the banker .	Did the student contact the banker ?	no
The bankers were encouraged by the lawyer .	Did the bankers encourage the lawyer ?	no
The manager was encouraged by the tourists .	Did the manager encourage the tourists ?	no
The artists were admired by the author .	Did the artists admire the author ?	no
The students were advised by the professors .	Did the students advise the professors ?	no
The athlete was advised by the senator .	Did the athlete advise the senator ?	no
The secretary was stopped by the tourists .	Did the secretary stop the tourists ?	no
The managers were avoided by the athlete .	Did the managers avoid the athlete ?	no
The lawyer was advised by the actor .	Did the lawyer advise the actor ?	no
The actors were encouraged by the artist .	Did the actors encourage the artist ?	no
The manager was believed by the doctors .	Did the manager believe the doctors ?	no
The authors were avoided by the actor .	Did the authors avoid the actor ?	no
The doctors were stopped by the judges .	Did the doctors stop the judges ?	no
The judge was thanked by the author .	Did the judge thank the author ?	no
The scientist was thanked by the lawyers .	Did the scientist thank the lawyers ?	no
The manager was mentioned by the judge .	Did the manager mention the judge ?	no
The secretaries were introduced by the actors .	Did the secretaries introduce the actors ?	no
The senators were believed by the authors .	Did the senators believe the authors ?	no
The athletes were contacted by the presidents .	Did the athletes contact the presidents ?	no
The actor was encouraged by the lawyer .	Did the actor encourage the lawyer ?	no
The managers were advised by the actor .	Did the managers advise the actor ?	no
The athlete was encouraged by the scientist .	Did the athlete encourage the scientist ?	no
The scientists were advised by the artist .	Did the scientists advise the artist ?	no
The secretaries were thanked by the author .	Did the secretaries thank the author ?	no
The judge was contacted by the lawyer .	Did the judge contact the lawyer ?	no
The presidents were stopped by the athlete .	Did the presidents stop the athlete ?	no
The bankers were helped by the tourist .	Did the bankers help the tourist ?	no
The managers were admired by the banker .	Did the managers admire the banker ?	no
The tourists were introduced by the artist .	Did the tourists introduce the artist ?	no
The senator was advised by the actor .	Did the senator advise the actor ?	no
The artists were recognized by the scientists .	Did the artists recognize the scientists ?	no
The bankers were supported by the lawyers .	Did the bankers support the lawyers ?	no
The manager was encouraged by the actors .	Did the manager encourage the actors ?	no
The student was supported by the judge .	Did the student support the judge ?	no
The actor was recognized by the judge .	Did the actor recognize the judge ?	no
The tourists were admired by the authors .	Did the tourists admire the authors ?	no
The scientists were advised by the professors .	Did the scientists advise the professors ?	no
The author was contacted by the actors .	Did the author contact the actors ?	no
The scientists were supported by the professors .	Did the scientists support the professors ?	no
The judge was recommended by the bankers .	Did the judge recommend the bankers ?	no
The tourists were contacted by the lawyer .	Did the tourists contact the lawyer ?	no
The doctors were introduced by the lawyers .	Did the doctors introduce the lawyers ?	no
The senators were mentioned by the actors .	Did the senators mention the actors ?	no
The managers were advised by the banker .	Did the managers advise the banker ?	no
The artists were supported by the bankers .	Did the artists support the bankers ?	no
The lawyers were advised by the bankers .	Did the lawyers advise the bankers ?	no
The manager was supported by the secretary .	Did the manager support the secretary ?	no
The secretary was mentioned by the lawyer .	Did the secretary mention the lawyer ?	no
The banker was mentioned by the artist .	Did the banker mention the artist ?	no
The tourist was mentioned by the doctors .	Did the tourist mention the doctors ?	no
The doctors were contacted by the athletes .	Did the doctors contact the athletes ?	no
The senator was advised by the tourist .	Did the senator advise the tourist ?	no
The secretaries were contacted by the actors .	Did the secretaries contact the actors ?	no
The bankers were introduced by the president .	Did the bankers introduce the president ?	no
The doctor was mentioned by the artists .	Did the doctor mention the artists ?	no
The authors were helped by the students .	Did the authors help the students ?	no
The secretary was recognized by the doctors .	Did the secretary recognize the doctors ?	no
The president was encouraged by the students .	Did the president encourage the students ?	no
The professor was introduced by the scientists .	Did the professor introduce the scientists ?	no
The lawyer was recognized by the secretaries .	Did the lawyer recognize the secretaries ?	no
The senators were believed by the athletes .	Did the senators believe the athletes ?	no
The senators were avoided by the secretaries .	Did the senators avoid the secretaries ?	no
The athletes were recommended by the tourist .	Did the athletes recommend the tourist ?	no
The bankers were stopped by the doctors .	Did the bankers stop the doctors ?	no
The professors were avoided by the authors .	Did the professors avoid the authors ?	no
The senators were advised by the lawyer .	Did the senators advise the lawyer ?	no
The doctor was stopped by the bankers .	Did the doctor stop the bankers ?	no
The lawyers were introduced by the presidents .	Did the lawyers introduce the presidents ?	no
The authors were contacted by the tourists .	Did the authors contact the tourists ?	no
The scientists were thanked by the athlete .	Did the scientists thank the athlete ?	no
The scientists were mentioned by the authors .	Did the scientists mention the authors ?	no
The manager was stopped by the senator .	Did the manager stop the senator ?	no
The manager was thanked by the judges .	Did the manager thank the judges ?	no
The actors were contacted by the judges .	Did the actors contact the judges ?	no
The actors were believed by the lawyers .	Did the actors believe the lawyers ?	no
The athlete was mentioned by the banker .	Did the athlete mention the banker ?	no
The lawyer was encouraged by the athlete .	Did the lawyer encourage the athlete ?	no
The student was recommended by the athletes .	Did the student recommend the athletes ?	no
The lawyers were believed by the managers .	Did the lawyers believe the managers ?	no
The managers were stopped by the authors .	Did the managers stop the authors ?	no
The artists were thanked by the secretaries .	Did the artists thank the secretaries ?	no
The lawyers were introduced by the manager .	Did the lawyers introduce the manager ?	no
The secretaries were avoided by the presidents .	Did the secretaries avoid the presidents ?	no
The secretary was introduced by the student .	Did the secretary introduce the student ?	no
The bankers were supported by the president .	Did the bankers support the president ?	no
The judges were stopped by the secretaries .	Did the judges stop the secretaries ?	no
The secretary was admired by the president .	Did the secretary admire the president ?	no
The actor was contacted by the presidents .	Did the actor contact the presidents ?	no
The bankers were supported by the doctors .	Did the bankers support the doctors ?	no
The presidents were recognized by the scientists .	Did the presidents recognize the scientists ?	no
The lawyer was advised by the artists .	Did the lawyer advise the artists ?	no
The presidents were introduced by the authors .	Did the presidents introduce the authors ?	no
The managers were stopped by the artists .	Did the managers stop the artists ?	no
The athletes were thanked by the tourist .	Did the athletes thank the tourist ?	no
The lawyers were recommended by the actors .	Did the lawyers recommend the actors ?	no
The judge was helped by the athletes .	Did the judge help the athletes ?	no
The scientists were introduced by the president .	Did the scientists introduce the president ?	no
The lawyers were advised by the actor .	Did the lawyers advise the actor ?	no
The athlete was supported by the artist .	Did the athlete support the artist ?	no
The president was recognized by the lawyer .	Did the president recognize the lawyer ?	no
The senators were recognized by the secretaries .	Did the senators recognize the secretaries ?	no
The actors were encouraged by the author .	Did the actors encourage the author ?	no
The presidents were avoided by the tourists .	Did the presidents avoid the tourists ?	no
The student was contacted by the tourist .	Did the student contact the tourist ?	no
The artists were advised by the scientists .	Did the artists advise the scientists ?	no
The secretaries were stopped by the lawyer .	Did the secretaries stop the lawyer ?	no
The bankers were admired by the judge .	Did the bankers admire the judge ?	no
The athletes were advised by the banker .	Did the athletes advise the banker ?	no
The president was avoided by the author .	Did the president avoid the author ?	no
The senator was helped by the athlete .	Did the senator help the athlete ?	no
The lawyer was introduced by the presidents .	Did the lawyer introduce the presidents ?	no
The professors were contacted by the scientists .	Did the professors contact the scientists ?	no
The author was encouraged by the manager .	Did the author encourage the manager ?	no
The athlete was avoided by the secretary .	Did the athlete avoid the secretary ?	no
The managers were recognized by the president .	Did the managers recognize the president ?	no
The manager was recommended by the judges .	Did the manager recommend the judges ?	no
The actors were recommended by the senator .	Did the actors recommend the senator ?	no
The secretary was thanked by the artist .	Did the secretary thank the artist ?	no
The scientist was thanked by the professors .	Did the scientist thank the professors ?	no
The secretary was helped by the manager .	Did the secretary help the manager ?	no
The professors were recognized by the scientist .	Did the professors recognize the scientist ?	no
The judge was supported by the banker .	Did the judge support the banker ?	no
The bankers were contacted by the athletes .	Did the bankers contact the athletes ?	no
The lawyer was helped by the professors .	Did the lawyer help the professors ?	no
The tourist was recommended by the artist .	Did the tourist recommend the artist ?	no
The professors were believed by the senator .	Did the professors believe the senator ?	no
The tourist was supported by the president .	Did the tourist support the president ?	no
The student was recommended by the professors .	Did the student recommend the professors ?	no
The authors were admired by the doctors .	Did the authors admire the doctors ?	no
The senator was supported by the managers .	Did the senator support the managers ?	no
The scientists were recommended by the lawyers .	Did the scientists recommend the lawyers ?	no
The artists were encouraged by the secretary .	Did the artists encourage the secretary ?	no
The tourist was helped by the bankers .	Did the tourist help the bankers ?	no
The tourist was advised by the scientists .	Did the tourist advise the scientists ?	no
The athlete was stopped by the bankers .	Did the athlete stop the bankers ?	no
The secretaries were thanked by the doctor .	Did the secretaries thank the doctor ?	no
The manager was believed by the bankers .	Did the manager believe the bankers ?	no
The secretaries were recommended by the tourist .	Did the secretaries recommend the tourist ?	no
The managers were recognized by the senators .	Did the managers recognize the senators ?	no
The actor was supported by the presidents .	Did the actor support the presidents ?	no
The bankers were helped by the authors .	Did the bankers help the authors ?	no
The tourist was supported by the actors .	Did the tourist support the actors ?	no
The professor was believed by the athlete .	Did the professor believe the athlete ?	no
The athletes were stopped by the judges .	Did the athletes stop the judges ?	no
The professors were encouraged by the athlete .	Did the professors encourage the athlete ?	no
The managers were stopped by the artist .	Did the managers stop the artist ?	no
The doctors were believed by the authors .	Did the doctors believe the authors ?	no
The judge was admired by the author .	Did the judge admire the author ?	no
The lawyers were recommended by the actor .	Did the lawyers recommend the actor ?	no
The president was recognized by the actors .	Did the president recognize the actors ?	no
The artists were helped by the judge .	Did the artists help the judge ?	no
The scientists were contacted by the doctors .	Did the scientists contact the doctors ?	no
The student was recognized by the secretary .	Did the student recognize the secretary ?	no
The authors were helped by the presidents .	Did the authors help the presidents ?	no
The presidents were recommended by the authors .	Did the presidents recommend the authors ?	no
The athlete was thanked by the doctors .	Did the athlete thank the doctors ?	no
The artist was avoided by the actor .	Did the artist avoid the actor ?	no
The banker was supported by the author .	Did the banker support the author ?	no
The lawyer was supported by the secretary .	Did the lawyer support the secretary ?	no
The president was recognized by the managers .	Did the president recognize the managers ?	no
The judge was avoided by the students .	Did the judge avoid the students ?	no
The authors were thanked by the president .	Did the authors thank the president ?	no
The actor was helped by the artist .	Did the actor help the artist ?	no
The doctors were stopped by the artists .	Did the doctors stop the artists ?	no
The authors were avoided by the judges .	Did the authors avoid the judges ?	no
The student was avoided by the secretary .	Did the student avoid the secretary ?	no
The scientists were recognized by the managers .	Did the scientists recognize the managers ?	no
The athlete was believed by the judges .	Did the athlete believe the judges ?	no
The actor was recommended by the tourist .	Did the actor recommend the tourist ?	no
The manager was advised by the judge .	Did the manager advise the judge ?	no
The artist was advised by the actor .	Did the artist advise the actor ?	no
The athletes were helped by the manager .	Did the athletes help the manager ?	no
The lawyer was mentioned by the artists .	Did the lawyer mention the artists ?	no
The artist was recognized by the judge .	Did the artist recognize the judge ?	no
The athlete was believed by the banker .	Did the athlete believe the banker ?	no
The banker was supported by the tourist .	Did the banker support the tourist ?	no
The president was introduced by the authors .	Did the president introduce the authors ?	no
The judges were introduced by the professors .	Did the judges introduce the professors ?	no
The judge was believed by the professors .	Did the judge believe the professors ?	no
The banker was avoided by the actor .	Did the banker avoid the actor ?	no
The athlete was introduced by the student .	Did the athlete introduce the student ?	no
The scientists were advised by the artists .	Did the scientists advise the artists ?	no
The manager was avoided by the artist .	Did the manager avoid the artist ?	no
The authors were helped by the banker .	Did the authors help the banker ?	no
The secretary was thanked by the tourist .	Did the secretary thank the tourist ?	no
The lawyer was believed by the managers .	Did the lawyer believe the managers ?	no
The actor was introduced by the managers .	Did the actor introduce the managers ?	no
The senator was recommended by the lawyers .	Did the senator recommend the lawyers ?	no
The actor was supported by the student .	Did the actor support the student ?	no
The bankers were encouraged by the managers .	Did the bankers encourage the managers ?	no
The judge was contacted by the author .	Did the judge contact the author ?	no
The bankers were advised by the professor .	Did the bankers advise the professor ?	no
The author was avoided by the professor .	Did the author avoid the professor ?	no
The senator was thanked by the actors .	Did the senator thank the actors ?	no
The managers were recommended by the scientist .	Did the managers recommend the scientist ?	no
The artist was recognized by the managers .	Did the artist recognize the managers ?	no
The secretary was advised by the artists .	Did the secretary advise the artists ?	no
The manager was mentioned by the artist .	Did the manager mention the artist ?	no
The doctors were advised by the judges .	Did the doctors advise the judges ?	no
The presidents were thanked by the banker .	Did the presidents thank the banker ?	no
The doctors were supported by the athletes .	Did the doctors support the athletes ?	no
The professors were recognized by the senators .	Did the professors recognize the senators ?	no
The actor was encouraged by the banker .	Did the actor encourage the banker ?	no
The professor was introduced by the doctor .	Did the professor introduce the doctor ?	no
The senator was advised by the secretary .	Did the senator advise the secretary ?	no
The athletes were recommended by the secretaries .	Did the athletes recommend the secretaries ?	no
The artist was admired by the bankers .	Did the artist admire the bankers ?	no
The doctors were avoided by the senator .	Did the doctors avoid the senator ?	no
The authors were mentioned by the scientists .	Did the authors mention the scientists ?	no
The athletes were recommended by the students .	Did the athletes recommend the students ?	no
The tourist was believed by the authors .	Did the tourist believe the authors ?	no
The manager was avoided by the actors .	Did the manager avoid the actors ?	no
The student was advised by the scientist .	Did the student advise the scientist ?	no
The bankers were advised by the judge .	Did the bankers advise the judge ?	no
The authors were mentioned by the secretaries .	Did the authors mention the secretaries ?	no
The actor was encouraged by the athletes .	Did the actor encourage the athletes ?	no
The artists were thanked by the tourists .	Did the artists thank the tourists ?	no
The lawyers were mentioned by the doctor .	Did the lawyers mention the doctor ?	no
The tourists were helped by the athletes .	Did the tourists help the athletes ?	no
The bankers were helped by the judges .	Did the bankers help the judges ?	no
The judges were recommended by the bankers .	Did the judges recommend the bankers ?	no
The students were thanked by the artists .	Did the students thank the artists ?	no
The judges were believed by the bankers .	Did the judges believe the bankers ?	no
The senator was believed by the managers .	Did the senator believe the managers ?	no
The actor was recommended by the secretaries .	Did the actor recommend the secretaries ?	no
The tourists were encouraged by the professor .	Did the tourists encourage the professor ?	no
The lawyers were thanked by the author .	Did the lawyers thank the author ?	no
The doctors were recommended by the authors .	Did the doctors recommend the authors ?	no
The tourists were introduced by the president .	Did the tourists introduce the president ?	no
The professors were contacted by the scientist .	Did the professors contact the scientist ?	no
The doctor was supported by the manager .	Did the doctor support the manager ?	no
The judges were stopped by the artist .	Did the judges stop the artist ?	no
The banker was helped by the senator .	Did the banker help the senator ?	no
The athletes were contacted by the president .	Did the athletes contact the president ?	no
The students were recognized by the scientists .	Did the students recognize the scientists ?	no
The lawyers were mentioned by the actors .	Did the lawyers mention the actors ?	no
The president was encouraged by the lawyers .	Did the president encourage the lawyers ?	no
The professor was contacted by the presidents .	Did the professor contact the presidents ?	no
The senators were avoided by the lawyers .	Did the senators avoid the lawyers ?	no
The doctors were believed by the judges .	Did the doctors believe the judges ?	no
The president was admired by the manager .	Did the president admire the manager ?	no
The professor was admired by the tourists .	Did the professor admire the tourists ?	no
The scientist was stopped by the senator .	Did the scientist stop the senator ?	no
The author was supported by the professors .	Did the author support the professors ?	no
The banker was stopped by the tourists .	Did the banker stop the tourists ?	no
The scientists were mentioned by the professor .	Did the scientists mention the professor ?	no
The president was mentioned by the doctors .	Did the president mention the doctors ?	no
The banker was stopped by the managers .	Did the banker stop the managers ?	no
The president was thanked by the author .	Did the president thank the author ?	no
The lawyer was mentioned by the author .	Did the lawyer mention the author ?	no
The senators were encouraged by the students .	Did the senators encourage the students ?	no
The scientist was stopped by the actor .	Did the scientist stop the actor ?	no
The presidents were supported by the doctor .	Did the presidents support the doctor ?	no
The doctor was recommended by the secretaries .	Did the doctor recommend the secretaries ?	no
The judge was recognized by the actor .	Did the judge recognize the actor ?	no
The authors were admired by the athletes .	Did the authors admire the athletes ?	no
The author was helped by the student .	Did the author help the student ?	no
The managers were stopped by the actors .	Did the managers stop the actors ?	no
The actor was supported by the senator .	Did the actor support the senator ?	no
The athlete was introduced by the secretary .	Did the athlete introduce the secretary ?	no
The authors were recognized by the bankers .	Did the authors recognize the bankers ?	no
The bankers were stopped by the scientist .	Did the bankers stop the scientist ?	no
The president was helped by the secretaries .	Did the president help the secretaries ?	no
The lawyers were avoided by the secretary .	Did the lawyers avoid the secretary ?	no
The banker was stopped by the senator .	Did the banker stop the senator ?	no
The athletes were admired by the author .	Did the athletes admire the author ?	no
The doctor was contacted by the lawyers .	Did the doctor contact the lawyers ?	no
The students were mentioned by the athlete .	Did the students mention the athlete ?	no
The artist was helped by the athletes .	Did the artist help the athletes ?	no
The athlete was encouraged by the bankers .	Did the athlete encourage the bankers ?	no
The secretary was admired by the artists .	Did the secretary admire the artists ?	no
The judges were recognized by the lawyers .	Did the judges recognize the lawyers ?	no
The scientist was contacted by the judges .	Did the scientist contact the judges ?	no
The manager was recognized by the doctors .	Did the manager recognize the doctors ?	no
The lawyer was advised by the tourists .	Did the lawyer advise the tourists ?	no
The doctors were thanked by the actors .	Did the doctors thank the actors ?	no
The lawyers were supported by the artists .	Did the lawyers support the artists ?	no
The students were advised by the tourists .	Did the students advise the tourists ?	no
The doctor was contacted by the managers .	Did the doctor contact the managers ?	no
The tourist was avoided by the president .	Did the tourist avoid the president ?	no
The tourists were avoided by the actor .	Did the tourists avoid the actor ?	no
The scientist was recommended by the bankers .	Did the scientist recommend the bankers ?	no
The professors were believed by the doctors .	Did the professors believe the doctors ?	no
The senators were recognized by the students .	Did the senators recognize the students ?	no
The lawyer was mentioned by the president .	Did the lawyer mention the president ?	no
The scientist was supported by the secretaries .	Did the scientist support the secretaries ?	no
The actors were helped by the artist .	Did the actors help the artist ?	no
The professors were admired by the senator .	Did the professors admire the senator ?	no
The secretary was contacted by the students .	Did the secretary contact the students ?	no
The manager was helped by the athletes .	Did the manager help the athletes ?	no
The doctors were mentioned by the judge .	Did the doctors mention the judge ?	no
The senator was encouraged by the tourist .	Did the senator encourage the tourist ?	no
The student was contacted by the authors .	Did the student contact the authors ?	no
The students were thanked by the senator .	Did the students thank the senator ?	no
The authors were advised by the lawyer .	Did the authors advise the lawyer ?	no
The professors were recognized by the lawyers .	Did the professors recognize the lawyers ?	no
The professor was avoided by the presidents .	Did the professor avoid the presidents ?	no
The judges were thanked by the artists .	Did the judges thank the artists ?	no
The artists were supported by the student .	Did the artists support the student ?	no
The athlete was helped by the tourist .	Did the athlete help the tourist ?	no
The scientists were thanked by the artists .	Did the scientists thank the artists ?	no
The author was encouraged by the artist .	Did the author encourage the artist ?	no
The scientist was encouraged by the lawyers .	Did the scientist encourage the lawyers ?	no
The artist was admired by the manager .	Did the artist admire the manager ?	no
The student was advised by the doctors .	Did the student advise the doctors ?	no
The judge was believed by the lawyer .	Did the judge believe the lawyer ?	no
The artists were advised by the banker .	Did the artists advise the banker ?	no
The manager was encouraged by the secretary .	Did the manager encourage the secretary ?	no
The actor was stopped by the professor .	Did the actor stop the professor ?	no
The students were helped by the senators .	Did the students help the senators ?	no
The senator was thanked by the manager .	Did the senator thank the manager ?	no
The professor was recommended by the artists .	Did the professor recommend the artists ?	no
The actor was advised by the bankers .	Did the actor advise the bankers ?	no
The secretaries were believed by the senator .	Did the secretaries believe the senator ?	no
The artists were contacted by the authors .	Did the artists contact the authors ?	no
The artists were recognized by the secretary .	Did the artists recognize the secretary ?	no
The secretary was recognized by the president .	Did the secretary recognize the president ?	no
The senator was avoided by the manager .	Did the senator avoid the manager ?	no
The artists were introduced by the authors .	Did the artists introduce the authors ?	no
The doctor was avoided by the lawyer .	Did the doctor avoid the lawyer ?	no
The author was believed by the scientists .	Did the author believe the scientists ?	no
The tourist was believed by the manager .	Did the tourist believe the manager ?	no
The professor was recommended by the doctor .	Did the professor recommend the doctor ?	no
The athlete was helped by the actor .	Did the athlete help the actor ?	no
The senator was believed by the professor .	Did the senator believe the professor ?	no
The lawyer was contacted by the president .	Did the lawyer contact the president ?	no
The secretaries were helped by the scientists .	Did the secretaries help the scientists ?	no
The president was supported by the scientist .	Did the president support the scientist ?	no
The lawyer was helped by the students .	Did the lawyer help the students ?	no
The president was recognized by the scientists .	Did the president recognize the scientists ?	no
The artist was supported by the professor .	Did the artist support the professor ?	no
The artists were recognized by the tourist .	Did the artists recognize the tourist ?	no
The presidents were stopped by the senators .	Did the presidents stop the senators ?	no
The doctor was admired by the student .	Did the doctor admire the student ?	no
The secretaries were avoided by the banker .	Did the secretaries avoid the banker ?	no
The senator was recommended by the judges .	Did the senator recommend the judges ?	no
The president was recommended by the athletes .	Did the president recommend the athletes ?	no
The judge was encouraged by the senators .	Did the judge encourage the senators ?	no
The scientist was advised by the doctors .	Did the scientist advise the doctors ?	no
The secretary was introduced by the scientists .	Did the secretary introduce the scientists ?	no
The managers were introduced by the senator .	Did the managers introduce the senator ?	no
The professor was supported by the athletes .	Did the professor support the athletes ?	no
The managers were believed by the authors .	Did the managers believe the authors ?	no
The senator was admired by the secretaries .	Did the senator admire the secretaries ?	no
The lawyer was admired by the judge .	Did the lawyer admire the judge ?	no
The students were helped by the managers .	Did the students help the managers ?	no
The athlete was stopped by the manager .	Did the athlete stop the manager ?	no
The managers were encouraged by the judges .	Did the managers encourage the judges ?	no
The actors were avoided by the senator .	Did the actors avoid the senator ?	no
The manager was encouraged by the scientist .	Did the manager encourage the scientist ?	no
The student was introduced by the judges .	Did the student introduce the judges ?	no
The manager was stopped by the athletes .	Did the manager stop the athletes ?	no
The student was believed by the artists .	Did the student believe the artists ?	no
The lawyers were stopped by the scientist .	Did the lawyers stop the scientist ?	no
The lawyer was thanked by the managers .	Did the lawyer thank the managers ?	no
The artists were avoided by the senator .	Did the artists avoid the senator ?	no
The tourists were supported by the professor .	Did the tourists support the professor ?	no
The managers were contacted by the actor .	Did the managers contact the actor ?	no
The secretaries were encouraged by the senators .	Did the secretaries encourage the senators ?	no
The artists were recommended by the doctors .	Did the artists recommend the doctors ?	no
The tourists were introduced by the scientist .	Did the tourists introduce the scientist ?	no
The bankers were contacted by the artists .	Did the bankers contact the artists ?	no
The tourist was stopped by the scientists .	Did the tourist stop the scientists ?	no
The presidents were advised by the scientist .	Did the presidents advise the scientist ?	no
The artist was stopped by the student .	Did the artist stop the student ?	no
The senators were avoided by the student .	Did the senators avoid the student ?	no
The judge was believed by the secretary .	Did the judge believe the secretary ?	no
The tourists were introduced by the actor .	Did the tourists introduce the actor ?	no
The athlete was thanked by the tourists .	Did the athlete thank the tourists ?	no
The bankers were mentioned by the student .	Did the bankers mention the student ?	no
The secretaries were helped by the lawyers .	Did the secretaries help the lawyers ?	no
The banker was recognized by the professor .	Did the banker recognize the professor ?	no
The judge was encouraged by the doctors .	Did the judge encourage the doctors ?	no
The banker was recognized by the lawyers .	Did the banker recognize the lawyers ?	no
The athlete was helped by the tourists .	Did the athlete help the tourists ?	no
The student was encouraged by the manager .	Did the student encourage the manager ?	no
The scientists were contacted by the students .	Did the scientists contact the students ?	no
The athlete was helped by the managers .	Did the athlete help the managers ?	no
The president was mentioned by the athlete .	Did the president mention the athlete ?	no
The students were recognized by the artist .	Did the students recognize the artist ?	no
The author was advised by the manager .	Did the author advise the manager ?	no
The athletes were contacted by the tourist .	Did the athletes contact the tourist ?	no
The secretaries were helped by the bankers .	Did the secretaries help the bankers ?	no
The lawyers were advised by the judge .	Did the lawyers advise the judge ?	no
The scientists were avoided by the bankers .	Did the scientists avoid the bankers ?	no
The athlete was believed by the artists .	Did the athlete believe the artists ?	no
The lawyers were mentioned by the professors .	Did the lawyers mention the professors ?	no
The manager was advised by the professor .	Did the manager advise the professor ?	no
The students were admired by the actors .	Did the students admire the actors ?	no
The authors were supported by the tourist .	Did the authors support the tourist ?	no
The actors were avoided by the tourist .	Did the actors avoid the tourist ?	no
The banker was believed by the students .	Did the banker believe the students ?	no
The judge was encouraged by the secretary .	Did the judge encourage the secretary ?	no
The president was encouraged by the senator .	Did the president encourage the senator ?	no
The managers were recommended by the senator .	Did the managers recommend the senator ?	no
The author was supported by the president .	Did the author support the president ?	no
The professor was helped by the manager .	Did the professor help the manager ?	no
The actor was believed by the athlete .	Did the actor believe the athlete ?	no
The authors were advised by the bankers .	Did the authors advise the bankers ?	no
The athlete was encouraged by the banker .	Did the athlete encourage the banker ?	no
The banker was avoided by the athletes .	Did the banker avoid the athletes ?	no
The judges were helped by the banker .	Did the judges help the banker ?	no
The actors were recommended by the athletes .	Did the actors recommend the athletes ?	no
The professors were advised by the artist .	Did the professors advise the artist ?	no
The manager was believed by the actor .	Did the manager believe the actor ?	no
The student was introduced by the senators .	Did the student introduce the senators ?	no
The secretary was supported by the professors .	Did the secretary support the professors ?	no
The secretaries were believed by the doctor .	Did the secretaries believe the doctor ?	no
The author was recommended by the secretary .	Did the author recommend the secretary ?	no
The manager was stopped by the tourist .	Did the manager stop the tourist ?	no
The managers were recommended by the athlete .	Did the managers recommend the athlete ?	no
The actor was avoided by the senators .	Did the actor avoid the senators ?	no
The secretary was avoided by the president .	Did the secretary avoid the president ?	no
The actors were admired by the artists .	Did the actors admire the artists ?	no
The bankers were thanked by the presidents .	Did the bankers thank the presidents ?	no
The senators were encouraged by the scientists .	Did the senators encourage the scientists ?	no
The banker was admired by the scientist .	Did the banker admire the scientist ?	no
The professor was recognized by the authors .	Did the professor recognize the authors ?	no
The athlete was helped by the doctors .	Did the athlete help the doctors ?	no
The bankers were stopped by the tourist .	Did the bankers stop the tourist ?	no
The president was stopped by the artists .	Did the president stop the artists ?	no
The tourists were avoided by the bankers .	Did the tourists avoid the bankers ?	no
The managers were advised by the artists .	Did the managers advise the artists ?	no
The banker was recognized by the manager .	Did the banker recognize the manager ?	no
The tourist was introduced by the actor .	Did the tourist introduce the actor ?	no
The bankers were thanked by the author .	Did the bankers thank the author ?	no
The banker was mentioned by the authors .	Did the banker mention the authors ?	no
The actors were introduced by the tourists .	Did the actors introduce the tourists ?	no
The author was mentioned by the judge .	Did the author mention the judge ?	no
The athlete was avoided by the president .	Did the athlete avoid the president ?	no
The professor was believed by the artists .	Did the professor believe the artists ?	no
The doctors were stopped by the professor .	Did the doctors stop the professor ?	no
The senators were helped by the secretary .	Did the senators help the secretary ?	no
The managers were admired by the artists .	Did the managers admire the artists ?	no
The actor was helped by the lawyer .	Did the actor help the lawyer ?	no
The students were helped by the actors .	Did the students help the actors ?	no
The president was thanked by the secretaries .	Did the president thank the secretaries ?	no
The senator was believed by the authors .	Did the senator believe the authors ?	no
The bankers were avoided by the manager .	Did the bankers avoid the manager ?	no
The authors were thanked by the lawyer .	Did the authors thank the lawyer ?	no
The tourist was recognized by the presidents .	Did the tourist recognize the presidents ?	no
The scientist was supported by the managers .	Did the scientist support the managers ?	no
The managers were mentioned by the artist .	Did the managers mention the artist ?	no
The tourist was avoided by the banker .	Did the tourist avoid the banker ?	no
The professor was stopped by the students .	Did the professor stop the students ?	no
The presidents were thanked by the tourist .	Did the presidents thank the tourist ?	no
The managers were advised by the lawyer .	Did the managers advise the lawyer ?	no
The judge was supported by the doctors .	Did the judge support the doctors ?	no
The professor was encouraged by the authors .	Did the professor encourage the authors ?	no
The students were introduced by the manager .	Did the students introduce the manager ?	no
The professors were recognized by the tourists .	Did the professors recognize the tourists ?	no
The secretaries were recommended by the senator .	Did the secretaries recommend the senator ?	no
The athlete was admired by the tourist .	Did the athlete admire the tourist ?	no
The scientist was thanked by the judge .	Did the scientist thank the judge ?	no
The tourists were introduced by the managers .	Did the tourists introduce the managers ?	no
The lawyer was mentioned by the actors .	Did the lawyer mention the actors ?	no
The doctors were supported by the professors .	Did the doctors support the professors ?	no
The scientists were stopped by the athletes .	Did the scientists stop the athletes ?	no
The banker was mentioned by the judge .	Did the banker mention the judge ?	no
The senators were admired by the author .	Did the senators admire the author ?	no
The presidents were encouraged by the managers .	Did the presidents encourage the managers ?	no
The athletes were encouraged by the artists .	Did the athletes encourage the artists ?	no
The artist was stopped by the secretary .	Did the artist stop the secretary ?	no
The doctors were advised by the tourists .	Did the doctors advise the tourists ?	no
The professor was stopped by the artist .	Did the professor stop the artist ?	no
The student was encouraged by the presidents .	Did the student encourage the presidents ?	no
The artist was admired by the scientists .	Did the artist admire the scientists ?	no
The senators were contacted by the secretaries .	Did the senators contact the secretaries ?	no
The judges were supported by the lawyer .	Did the judges support the lawyer ?	no
The student was recommended by the athlete .	Did the student recommend the athlete ?	no
The athlete was admired by the bankers .	Did the athlete admire the bankers ?	no
The bankers were supported by the judge .	Did the bankers support the judge ?	no
The secretary was stopped by the doctor .	Did the secretary stop the doctor ?	no
The secretary was helped by the president .	Did the secretary help the president ?	no
The professors were advised by the author .	Did the professors advise the author ?	no
The actor was introduced by the banker .	Did the actor introduce the banker ?	no
The author was encouraged by the bankers .	Did the author encourage the bankers ?	no
The president was avoided by the scientists .	Did the president avoid the scientists ?	no
The athlete was helped by the students .	Did the athlete help the students ?	no
The actor was advised by the managers .	Did the actor advise the managers ?	no
The athlete was believed by the student .	Did the athlete believe the student ?	no
The doctors were advised by the banker .	Did the doctors advise the banker ?	no
The judges were recommended by the scientist .	Did the judges recommend the scientist ?	no
The managers were avoided by the senator .	Did the managers avoid the senator ?	no
The doctor was admired by the scientists .	Did the doctor admire the scientists ?	no
The professors were encouraged by the doctors .	Did the professors encourage the doctors ?	no
The lawyers were introduced by the tourist .	Did the lawyers introduce the tourist ?	no
The athletes were mentioned by the scientists .	Did the athletes mention the scientists ?	no
The scientists were avoided by the students .	Did the scientists avoid the students ?	no
The lawyer was recommended by the athletes .	Did the lawyer recommend the athletes ?	no
The senator was stopped by the lawyer .	Did the senator stop the lawyer ?	no
The tourist was introduced by the judges .	Did the tourist introduce the judges ?	no
The tourists were contacted by the presidents .	Did the tourists contact the presidents ?	no
The senator was encouraged by the artists .	Did the senator encourage the artists ?	no
The lawyer was supported by the doctors .	Did the lawyer support the doctors ?	no
The judge was stopped by the manager .	Did the judge stop the manager ?	no
The president was admired by the students .	Did the president admire the students ?	no
The senators were introduced by the lawyer .	Did the senators introduce the lawyer ?	no
The students were introduced by the judge .	Did the students introduce the judge ?	no
The artists were advised by the lawyers .	Did the artists advise the lawyers ?	no
The actor was introduced by the manager .	Did the actor introduce the manager ?	no
The tourist was recognized by the professors .	Did the tourist recognize the professors ?	no
The scientists were contacted by the managers .	Did the scientists contact the managers ?	no
The professor was encouraged by the tourists .	Did the professor encourage the tourists ?	no
The secretaries were advised by the athlete .	Did the secretaries advise the athlete ?	no
The presidents were avoided by the author .	Did the presidents avoid the author ?	no
The bankers were supported by the students .	Did the bankers support the students ?	no
The secretary was stopped by the president .	Did the secretary stop the president ?	no
The professors were advised by the judge .	Did the professors advise the judge ?	no
The students were admired by the author .	Did the students admire the author ?	no
The actor was recognized by the artist .	Did the actor recognize the artist ?	no
The managers were supported by the senators .	Did the managers support the senators ?	no
The students were introduced by the actor .	Did the students introduce the actor ?	no
The students were recommended by the president .	Did the students recommend the president ?	no
The bankers were contacted by the authors .	Did the bankers contact the authors ?	no
The tourists were supported by the doctor .	Did the tourists support the doctor ?	no
The athletes were avoided by the tourists .	Did the athletes avoid the tourists ?	no
The president was helped by the tourists .	Did the president help the tourists ?	no
The actor was admired by the presidents .	Did the actor admire the presidents ?	no
The artists were contacted by the scientists .	Did the artists contact the scientists ?	no
The secretaries were advised by the banker .	Did the secretaries advise the banker ?	no
The students were encouraged by the bankers .	Did the students encourage the bankers ?	no
The artist was mentioned by the judges .	Did the artist mention the judges ?	no
The managers were admired by the athlete .	Did the managers admire the athlete ?	no
The student was recommended by the doctors .	Did the student recommend the doctors ?	no
The professors were mentioned by the president .	Did the professors mention the president ?	no
The presidents were avoided by the bankers .	Did the presidents avoid the bankers ?	no
The professor was contacted by the doctors .	Did the professor contact the doctors ?	no
The scientists were mentioned by the secretary .	Did the scientists mention the secretary ?	no
The doctor was introduced by the actors .	Did the doctor introduce the actors ?	no
The lawyers were thanked by the managers .	Did the lawyers thank the managers ?	no
The senator was encouraged by the scientist .	Did the senator encourage the scientist ?	no
The senator was mentioned by the scientist .	Did the senator mention the scientist ?	no
The actor was stopped by the scientists .	Did the actor stop the scientists ?	no
The student was introduced by the artists .	Did the student introduce the artists ?	no
The bankers were believed by the secretaries .	Did the bankers believe the secretaries ?	no
The actors were believed by the manager .	Did the actors believe the manager ?	no
The students were stopped by the managers .	Did the students stop the managers ?	no
The author was believed by the managers .	Did the author believe the managers ?	no
The doctors were contacted by the tourist .	Did the doctors contact the tourist ?	no
The doctors were admired by the scientist .	Did the doctors admire the scientist ?	no
The students were recognized by the artists .	Did the students recognize the artists ?	no
The secretary was recognized by the professors .	Did the secretary recognize the professors ?	no
The lawyers were helped by the doctor .	Did the lawyers help the doctor ?	no
The artist was introduced by the scientists .	Did the artist introduce the scientists ?	no
The doctors were mentioned by the senators .	Did the doctors mention the senators ?	no
The judges were believed by the students .	Did the judges believe the students ?	no
The actors were believed by the lawyer .	Did the actors believe the lawyer ?	no
The doctor was admired by the judges .	Did the doctor admire the judges ?	no
The tourists were recognized by the athlete .	Did the tourists recognize the athlete ?	no
The actor was supported by the professors .	Did the actor support the professors ?	no
The artists were helped by the senator .	Did the artists help the senator ?	no
The banker was thanked by the doctor .	Did the banker thank the doctor ?	no
The presidents were admired by the athletes .	Did the presidents admire the athletes ?	no
The judges were advised by the artists .	Did the judges advise the artists ?	no
The professor was introduced by the athletes .	Did the professor introduce the athletes ?	no
The lawyers were helped by the president .	Did the lawyers help the president ?	no
The athlete was believed by the secretaries .	Did the athlete believe the secretaries ?	no
The banker was mentioned by the scientists .	Did the banker mention the scientists ?	no
The artist was recommended by the presidents .	Did the artist recommend the presidents ?	no
The actors were supported by the lawyer .	Did the actors support the lawyer ?	no
The president was thanked by the authors .	Did the president thank the authors ?	no
The senators were advised by the managers .	Did the senators advise the managers ?	no
The judge was contacted by the senator .	Did the judge contact the senator ?	no
The students were believed by the secretary .	Did the students believe the secretary ?	no
The author was believed by the bankers .	Did the author believe the bankers ?	no
The students were stopped by the scientist .	Did the students stop the scientist ?	no
The artist was introduced by the secretary .	Did the artist introduce the secretary ?	no
The judge was recommended by the banker .	Did the judge recommend the banker ?	no
The tourist was admired by the president .	Did the tourist admire the president ?	no
The scientist was thanked by the secretaries .	Did the scientist thank the secretaries ?	no
The lawyer was admired by the author .	Did the lawyer admire the author ?	no
The authors were encouraged by the actors .	Did the authors encourage the actors ?	no
The tourists were contacted by the secretary .	Did the tourists contact the secretary ?	no
The manager was supported by the lawyer .	Did the manager support the lawyer ?	no
The managers were mentioned by the presidents .	Did the managers mention the presidents ?	no
The scientists were advised by the judges .	Did the scientists advise the judges ?	no
The manager was admired by the student .	Did the manager admire the student ?	no
The author was advised by the lawyers .	Did the author advise the lawyers ?	no
The scientist was encouraged by the doctor .	Did the scientist encourage the doctor ?	no
The presidents were stopped by the students .	Did the presidents stop the students ?	no
The student was introduced by the senator .	Did the student introduce the senator ?	no
The judge was contacted by the doctors .	Did the judge contact the doctors ?	no
The president was encouraged by the secretary .	Did the president encourage the secretary ?	no
The lawyer was supported by the managers .	Did the lawyer support the managers ?	no
The lawyers were helped by the banker .	Did the lawyers help the banker ?	no
The lawyers were recommended by the banker .	Did the lawyers recommend the banker ?	no
The doctor was admired by the bankers .	Did the doctor admire the bankers ?	no
The banker was avoided by the students .	Did the banker avoid the students ?	no
The managers were admired by the judge .	Did the managers admire the judge ?	no
The tourist was advised by the manager .	Did the tourist advise the manager ?	no
The scientist was admired by the president .	Did the scientist admire the president ?	no
The president was encouraged by the judge .	Did the president encourage the judge ?	no
The senators were helped by the president .	Did the senators help the president ?	no
The bankers were avoided by the lawyers .	Did the bankers avoid the lawyers ?	no
The actor was encouraged by the senator .	Did the actor encourage the senator ?	no
The president was helped by the senator .	Did the president help the senator ?	no
The professor was advised by the tourists .	Did the professor advise the tourists ?	no
The student was recommended by the scientists .	Did the student recommend the scientists ?	no
The artist was stopped by the judges .	Did the artist stop the judges ?	no
The judges were introduced by the bankers .	Did the judges introduce the bankers ?	no
The senator was introduced by the lawyers .	Did the senator introduce the lawyers ?	no
The student was encouraged by the managers .	Did the student encourage the managers ?	no
The artist was admired by the tourists .	Did the artist admire the tourists ?	no
The tourists were thanked by the student .	Did the tourists thank the student ?	no
The president was stopped by the secretaries .	Did the president stop the secretaries ?	no
The senator was thanked by the tourists .	Did the senator thank the tourists ?	no
The artist was recognized by the students .	Did the artist recognize the students ?	no
The scientists were mentioned by the athletes .	Did the scientists mention the athletes ?	no
The secretaries were supported by the scientists .	Did the secretaries support the scientists ?	no
The tourists were believed by the senators .	Did the tourists believe the senators ?	no
The authors were helped by the president .	Did the authors help the president ?	no
The banker was stopped by the athletes .	Did the banker stop the athletes ?	no
The presidents were helped by the student .	Did the presidents help the student ?	no
The doctor was introduced by the senators .	Did the doctor introduce the senators ?	no
The tourist was encouraged by the scientist .	Did the tourist encourage the scientist ?	no
The banker was encouraged by the professor .	Did the banker encourage the professor ?	no
The bankers were mentioned by the students .	Did the bankers mention the students ?	no
The lawyers were recommended by the artists .	Did the lawyers recommend the artists ?	no
The students were introduced by the scientist .	Did the students introduce the scientist ?	no
The professors were admired by the students .	Did the professors admire the students ?	no
The senator was advised by the doctors .	Did the senator advise the doctors ?	no
The artist was helped by the athlete .	Did the artist help the athlete ?	no
The professor was introduced by the judges .	Did the professor introduce the judges ?	no
The student was avoided by the bankers .	Did the student avoid the bankers ?	no
The judge was avoided by the athletes .	Did the judge avoid the athletes ?	no
The doctors were believed by the author .	Did the doctors believe the author ?	no
The judge was helped by the doctors .	Did the judge help the doctors ?	no
The actor was introduced by the students .	Did the actor introduce the students ?	no
The judges were thanked by the artist .	Did the judges thank the artist ?	no
The scientists were stopped by the lawyer .	Did the scientists stop the lawyer ?	no
The secretaries were recommended by the banker .	Did the secretaries recommend the banker ?	no
The professor was mentioned by the senators .	Did the professor mention the senators ?	no
The students were mentioned by the athletes .	Did the students mention the athletes ?	no
The scientists were introduced by the author .	Did the scientists introduce the author ?	no
The actor was contacted by the secretary .	Did the actor contact the secretary ?	no
The athletes were advised by the tourist .	Did the athletes advise the tourist ?	no
The doctors were stopped by the athletes .	Did the doctors stop the athletes ?	no
The judges were recognized by the professor .	Did the judges recognize the professor ?	no
The doctors were contacted by the secretaries .	Did the doctors contact the secretaries ?	no
The doctors were stopped by the student .	Did the doctors stop the student ?	no
The scientists were admired by the managers .	Did the scientists admire the managers ?	no
The actor was introduced by the lawyers .	Did the actor introduce the lawyers ?	no
The author was stopped by the scientists .	Did the author stop the scientists ?	no
The actors were admired by the tourist .	Did the actors admire the tourist ?	no
The lawyer was contacted by the banker .	Did the lawyer contact the banker ?	no
The actors were advised by the secretary .	Did the actors advise the secretary ?	no
The judges were recognized by the senators .	Did the judges recognize the senators ?	no
The secretaries were avoided by the author .	Did the secretaries avoid the author ?	no
The judges were supported by the actors .	Did the judges support the actors ?	no
The artist was avoided by the senator .	Did the artist avoid the senator ?	no
The athlete was supported by the bankers .	Did the athlete support the bankers ?	no
The doctor was mentioned by the athletes .	Did the doctor mention the athletes ?	no
The judge was introduced by the secretaries .	Did the judge introduce the secretaries ?	no
The scientist was introduced by the bankers .	Did the scientist introduce the bankers ?	no
The student was avoided by the manager .	Did the student avoid the manager ?	no
The authors were helped by the doctor .	Did the authors help the doctor ?	no
The senators were recommended by the artists .	Did the senators recommend the artists ?	no
The doctor was encouraged by the artists .	Did the doctor encourage the artists ?	no
The students were advised by the actors .	Did the students advise the actors ?	no
The authors were thanked by the student .	Did the authors thank the student ?	no
The presidents were recognized by the actors .	Did the presidents recognize the actors ?	no
The actor was helped by the authors .	Did the actor help the authors ?	no
The judges were believed by the artist .	Did the judges believe the artist ?	no
The doctor was helped by the authors .	Did the doctor help the authors ?	no
The artists were avoided by the students .	Did the artists avoid the students ?	no
The secretary was believed by the scientist .	Did the secretary believe the scientist ?	no
The artists were thanked by the lawyer .	Did the artists thank the lawyer ?	no
The athlete was advised by the lawyers .	Did the athlete advise the lawyers ?	no
The senators were believed by the secretaries .	Did the senators believe the secretaries ?	no
The manager was admired by the students .	Did the manager admire the students ?	no
The manager was avoided by the president .	Did the manager avoid the president ?	no
The senator was avoided by the lawyers .	Did the senator avoid the lawyers ?	no
The lawyer was introduced by the banker .	Did the lawyer introduce the banker ?	no
The tourists were admired by the bankers .	Did the tourists admire the bankers ?	no
The banker was thanked by the artist .	Did the banker thank the artist ?	no
The doctors were avoided by the judge .	Did the doctors avoid the judge ?	no
The senator was mentioned by the authors .	Did the senator mention the authors ?	no
The artists were recognized by the senators .	Did the artists recognize the senators ?	no
The senator was introduced by the doctors .	Did the senator introduce the doctors ?	no
The scientists were mentioned by the artists .	Did the scientists mention the artists ?	no
The secretary was avoided by the tourists .	Did the secretary avoid the tourists ?	no
The judges were recommended by the artist .	Did the judges recommend the artist ?	no
The authors were believed by the actors .	Did the authors believe the actors ?	no
The scientists were recognized by the judge .	Did the scientists recognize the judge ?	no
The students were avoided by the presidents .	Did the students avoid the presidents ?	no
The actor was admired by the managers .	Did the actor admire the managers ?	no
The professors were helped by the secretaries .	Did the professors help the secretaries ?	no
The athletes were supported by the tourist .	Did the athletes support the tourist ?	no
The tourists were thanked by the athlete .	Did the tourists thank the athlete ?	no
The student was supported by the professors .	Did the student support the professors ?	no
The athletes were admired by the bankers .	Did the athletes admire the bankers ?	no
The tourist was recommended by the doctor .	Did the tourist recommend the doctor ?	no
The scientists were mentioned by the banker .	Did the scientists mention the banker ?	no
The presidents were advised by the athlete .	Did the presidents advise the athlete ?	no
The scientist was helped by the professors .	Did the scientist help the professors ?	no
The artists were supported by the secretary .	Did the artists support the secretary ?	no
The artist was mentioned by the banker .	Did the artist mention the banker ?	no
The athletes were admired by the presidents .	Did the athletes admire the presidents ?	no
The bankers were helped by the judge .	Did the bankers help the judge ?	no
The doctors were supported by the banker .	Did the doctors support the banker ?	no
The professor was avoided by the manager .	Did the professor avoid the manager ?	no
The athlete was contacted by the tourists .	Did the athlete contact the tourists ?	no
The author was supported by the senator .	Did the author support the senator ?	no
The manager was thanked by the actors .	Did the manager thank the actors ?	no
The banker was admired by the actor .	Did the banker admire the actor ?	no
The doctors were stopped by the athlete .	Did the doctors stop the athlete ?	no
The managers were recommended by the professors .	Did the managers recommend the professors ?	no
The authors were introduced by the judges .	Did the authors introduce the judges ?	no
The students were thanked by the doctors .	Did the students thank the doctors ?	no
The managers were introduced by the students .	Did the managers introduce the students ?	no
The actors were recognized by the secretaries .	Did the actors recognize the secretaries ?	no
The secretaries were stopped by the athlete .	Did the secretaries stop the athlete ?	no
The judge was admired by the athletes .	Did the judge admire the athletes ?	no
The doctors were recommended by the lawyers .	Did the doctors recommend the lawyers ?	no
The doctors were thanked by the author .	Did the doctors thank the author ?	no
The actors were mentioned by the judges .	Did the actors mention the judges ?	no
The professors were supported by the tourist .	Did the professors support the tourist ?	no
The senators were recommended by the managers .	Did the senators recommend the managers ?	no
The students were recommended by the secretary .	Did the students recommend the secretary ?	no
The athlete was introduced by the doctors .	Did the athlete introduce the doctors ?	no
The secretary and the managers saw the actor .	Did the secretary see the managers ?	no
The doctors advised the presidents and the tourists .	Did the tourists advise the presidents ?	no
The authors recognized the president and the judges .	Did the judges recognize the president ?	no
The students and the lawyer recommended the secretary .	Did the students recommend the lawyer ?	no
The athlete believed the judges and the artist .	Did the judges believe the artist ?	no
The senators stopped the judges and the scientists .	Did the scientists stop the judges ?	no
The scientist supported the bankers and the doctor .	Did the bankers support the doctor ?	no
The professor and the senator encouraged the scientist .	Did the senator encourage the professor ?	no
The student helped the professor and the manager .	Did the manager help the professor ?	no
The president and the artists believed the secretary .	Did the artists believe the president ?	no
The doctors and the students believed the actors .	Did the doctors believe the students ?	no
The scientists and the senator mentioned the tourists .	Did the scientists mention the senator ?	no
The actor and the senators contacted the lawyers .	Did the senators contact the actor ?	no
The students called the artists and the scientists .	Did the scientists call the artists ?	no
The tourist recommended the actors and the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recommend the actors ?	no
The doctor saw the judges and the manager .	Did the judges see the manager ?	no
The athlete recognized the actor and the authors .	Did the actor recognize the authors ?	no
The scientist and the students mentioned the lawyer .	Did the students mention the scientist ?	no
The president and the scientists encouraged the tourist .	Did the president encourage the scientists ?	no
The managers and the tourist contacted the athlete .	Did the managers contact the tourist ?	no
The athlete mentioned the secretary and the students .	Did the secretary mention the students ?	no
The president and the artist thanked the lawyers .	Did the president thank the artist ?	no
The scientists saw the secretaries and the judges .	Did the secretaries see the judges ?	no
The bankers and the professors recommended the judge .	Did the professors recommend the bankers ?	no
The banker thanked the lawyer and the artists .	Did the lawyer thank the artists ?	no
The athlete encouraged the doctors and the judges .	Did the judges encourage the doctors ?	no
The judges and the tourists avoided the student .	Did the judges avoid the tourists ?	no
The doctors supported the actors and the secretaries .	Did the actors support the secretaries ?	no
The bankers and the scientists saw the senators .	Did the scientists see the bankers ?	no
The judges advised the managers and the students .	Did the students advise the managers ?	no
The students encouraged the professors and the tourists .	Did the tourists encourage the professors ?	no
The author helped the athletes and the tourist .	Did the tourist help the athletes ?	no
The professors and the artist called the doctor .	Did the artist call the professors ?	no
The lawyer advised the actor and the tourist .	Did the tourist advise the actor ?	no
The managers and the senator admired the actors .	Did the managers admire the senator ?	no
The judges and the professor introduced the secretaries .	Did the judges introduce the professor ?	no
The actor and the professors supported the artists .	Did the professors support the actor ?	no
The manager supported the lawyers and the president .	Did the lawyers support the president ?	no
The students and the managers supported the artists .	Did the managers support the students ?	no
The president and the judges supported the tourists .	Did the judges support the president ?	no
The judge called the artist and the presidents .	Did the artist call the presidents ?	no
The athletes called the lawyer and the actor .	Did the lawyer call the actor ?	no
The actors helped the student and the senator .	Did the senator help the student ?	no
The actor introduced the athletes and the scientists .	Did the athletes introduce the scientists ?	no
The senator supported the athletes and the actors .	Did the athletes support the actors ?	no
The athletes admired the banker and the actor .	Did the banker admire the actor ?	no
The actor and the professor recognized the secretary .	Did the professor recognize the actor ?	no
The doctor encouraged the actors and the professors .	Did the actors encourage the professors ?	no
The president and the actors advised the students .	Did the president advise the actors ?	no
The tourists and the artist encouraged the bankers .	Did the artist encourage the tourists ?	no
The senator and the bankers supported the secretary .	Did the senator support the bankers ?	no
The athletes supported the student and the author .	Did the student support the author ?	no
The senators and the scientists helped the tourists .	Did the scientists help the senators ?	no
The senators encouraged the judge and the professor .	Did the judge encourage the professor ?	no
The student called the scientist and the actors .	Did the actors call the scientist ?	no
The banker supported the doctor and the professor .	Did the doctor support the professor ?	no
The actors recognized the student and the artists .	Did the artists recognize the student ?	no
The artist and the lawyer encouraged the presidents .	Did the lawyer encourage the artist ?	no
The authors avoided the professors and the tourist .	Did the tourist avoid the professors ?	no
The senators and the secretaries supported the athletes .	Did the secretaries support the senators ?	no
The scientist recognized the actors and the authors .	Did the authors recognize the actors ?	no
The professors and the tourists advised the secretaries .	Did the tourists advise the professors ?	no
The tourist and the athlete called the bankers .	Did the tourist call the athlete ?	no
The banker thanked the authors and the lawyers .	Did the authors thank the lawyers ?	no
The secretary contacted the senators and the judges .	Did the judges contact the senators ?	no
The tourists admired the student and the author .	Did the student admire the author ?	no
The professor mentioned the actor and the scientist .	Did the actor mention the scientist ?	no
The professors supported the student and the authors .	Did the authors support the student ?	no
The doctor and the authors thanked the president .	Did the authors thank the doctor ?	no
The managers contacted the doctors and the actor .	Did the actor contact the doctors ?	no
The lawyer admired the authors and the bankers .	Did the bankers admire the authors ?	no
The senators believed the president and the banker .	Did the president believe the banker ?	no
The professors saw the authors and the scientists .	Did the authors see the scientists ?	no
The athletes and the managers mentioned the actor .	Did the athletes mention the managers ?	no
The lawyer and the judge recognized the doctor .	Did the judge recognize the lawyer ?	no
The secretary encouraged the professor and the senators .	Did the senators encourage the professor ?	no
The manager and the lawyers admired the doctors .	Did the manager admire the lawyers ?	no
The professors supported the author and the scientists .	Did the author support the scientists ?	no
The manager and the students supported the lawyers .	Did the manager support the students ?	no
The author introduced the banker and the athletes .	Did the athletes introduce the banker ?	no
The professor and the manager encouraged the bankers .	Did the manager encourage the professor ?	no
The authors saw the student and the secretaries .	Did the secretaries see the student ?	no
The doctor recognized the president and the scientist .	Did the president recognize the scientist ?	no
The tourists and the presidents encouraged the judge .	Did the tourists encourage the presidents ?	no
The student and the lawyer saw the tourist .	Did the student see the lawyer ?	no
The secretaries recognized the managers and the actors .	Did the managers recognize the actors ?	no
The manager encouraged the banker and the president .	Did the president encourage the banker ?	no
The judge and the senator recommended the secretaries .	Did the judge recommend the senator ?	no
The doctors admired the students and the author .	Did the students admire the author ?	no
The lawyers admired the scientist and the senators .	Did the scientist admire the senators ?	no
The athlete and the artists thanked the secretary .	Did the athlete thank the artists ?	no
The president encouraged the managers and the lawyers .	Did the lawyers encourage the managers ?	no
The lawyer and the scientists helped the presidents .	Did the lawyer help the scientists ?	no
The doctors avoided the presidents and the artists .	Did the artists avoid the presidents ?	no
The student introduced the doctors and the author .	Did the doctors introduce the author ?	no
The scientist and the tourists called the banker .	Did the tourists call the scientist ?	no
The tourists and the lawyers saw the athlete .	Did the lawyers see the tourists ?	no
The scientists and the artist avoided the bankers .	Did the scientists avoid the artist ?	no
The judge and the secretaries encouraged the actor .	Did the secretaries encourage the judge ?	no
The senators helped the doctor and the president .	Did the president help the doctor ?	no
The scientist and the managers mentioned the senator .	Did the managers mention the scientist ?	no
The secretaries and the athletes believed the actor .	Did the secretaries believe the athletes ?	no
The banker saw the scientists and the senators .	Did the scientists see the senators ?	no
The actors and the presidents mentioned the professors .	Did the presidents mention the actors ?	no
The lawyer mentioned the scientist and the student .	Did the scientist mention the student ?	no
The professor supported the banker and the artists .	Did the artists support the banker ?	no
The athlete saw the professors and the secretaries .	Did the professors see the secretaries ?	no
The senator called the athletes and the bankers .	Did the athletes call the bankers ?	no
The artists and the secretary introduced the professor .	Did the secretary introduce the artists ?	no
The secretaries and the artist contacted the authors .	Did the artist contact the secretaries ?	no
The scientists and the banker advised the athlete .	Did the banker advise the scientists ?	no
The actor believed the judge and the professors .	Did the judge believe the professors ?	no
The bankers and the author saw the scientists .	Did the bankers see the author ?	no
The judge stopped the athlete and the managers .	Did the managers stop the athlete ?	no
The student encouraged the scientists and the lawyer .	Did the scientists encourage the lawyer ?	no
The author and the judge stopped the managers .	Did the author stop the judge ?	no
The students and the doctor admired the senators .	Did the doctor admire the students ?	no
The presidents called the manager and the scientists .	Did the manager call the scientists ?	no
The scientist and the banker encouraged the doctors .	Did the banker encourage the scientist ?	no
The scientist called the manager and the professors .	Did the manager call the professors ?	no
The managers admired the president and the secretaries .	Did the secretaries admire the president ?	no
The professors helped the artists and the scientist .	Did the scientist help the artists ?	no
The doctors thanked the manager and the judge .	Did the manager thank the judge ?	no
The senator and the professors stopped the actors .	Did the professors stop the senator ?	no
The secretaries and the athlete supported the judges .	Did the athlete support the secretaries ?	no
The artist called the senator and the scientist .	Did the scientist call the senator ?	no
The tourists introduced the scientists and the managers .	Did the managers introduce the scientists ?	no
The tourists contacted the athletes and the scientists .	Did the athletes contact the scientists ?	no
The lawyers and the author recommended the managers .	Did the author recommend the lawyers ?	no
The artist encouraged the students and the doctors .	Did the doctors encourage the students ?	no
The manager and the presidents believed the senator .	Did the presidents believe the manager ?	no
The artist mentioned the students and the lawyers .	Did the lawyers mention the students ?	no
The authors supported the tourist and the presidents .	Did the presidents support the tourist ?	no
The doctor and the authors advised the artist .	Did the doctor advise the authors ?	no
The judge and the senators mentioned the authors .	Did the senators mention the judge ?	no
The doctors and the scientists avoided the artist .	Did the doctors avoid the scientists ?	no
The senator and the tourist stopped the judge .	Did the senator stop the tourist ?	no
The lawyers recommended the actor and the bankers .	Did the actor recommend the bankers ?	no
The student and the doctor contacted the managers .	Did the doctor contact the student ?	no
The actor advised the banker and the doctors .	Did the doctors advise the banker ?	no
The banker and the students stopped the secretary .	Did the banker stop the students ?	no
The actor advised the judges and the doctors .	Did the judges advise the doctors ?	no
The lawyers supported the banker and the senators .	Did the banker support the senators ?	no
The judges encouraged the professors and the students .	Did the professors encourage the students ?	no
The presidents admired the lawyers and the judge .	Did the judge admire the lawyers ?	no
The banker thanked the secretaries and the actors .	Did the actors thank the secretaries ?	no
The tourist advised the artists and the manager .	Did the artists advise the manager ?	no
The bankers stopped the authors and the professor .	Did the authors stop the professor ?	no
The scientist and the actors recognized the athlete .	Did the scientist recognize the actors ?	no
The managers and the artists contacted the doctors .	Did the artists contact the managers ?	no
The student called the lawyer and the secretary .	Did the lawyer call the secretary ?	no
The scientist and the presidents mentioned the lawyers .	Did the presidents mention the scientist ?	no
The tourist and the president advised the doctors .	Did the tourist advise the president ?	no
The doctors and the tourist advised the athletes .	Did the doctors advise the tourist ?	no
The professor avoided the doctors and the president .	Did the president avoid the doctors ?	no
The doctors and the judge introduced the student .	Did the judge introduce the doctors ?	no
The secretaries and the scientist admired the presidents .	Did the scientist admire the secretaries ?	no
The actor called the students and the managers .	Did the students call the managers ?	no
The student and the athlete recommended the actors .	Did the student recommend the athlete ?	no
The professors and the lawyer believed the secretaries .	Did the lawyer believe the professors ?	no
The tourist admired the judges and the presidents .	Did the judges admire the presidents ?	no
The presidents and the student admired the athlete .	Did the presidents admire the student ?	no
The presidents and the judges believed the authors .	Did the judges believe the presidents ?	no
The secretaries and the banker avoided the senator .	Did the banker avoid the secretaries ?	no
The senator mentioned the actor and the bankers .	Did the actor mention the bankers ?	no
The professor avoided the actors and the tourists .	Did the actors avoid the tourists ?	no
The artists avoided the professors and the authors .	Did the authors avoid the professors ?	no
The professor believed the tourist and the doctor .	Did the tourist believe the doctor ?	no
The secretaries mentioned the authors and the lawyer .	Did the authors mention the lawyer ?	no
The scientists and the presidents encouraged the lawyer .	Did the presidents encourage the scientists ?	no
The author helped the lawyer and the athlete .	Did the lawyer help the athlete ?	no
The athlete saw the doctor and the bankers .	Did the doctor see the bankers ?	no
The athletes introduced the lawyer and the judges .	Did the lawyer introduce the judges ?	no
The doctor and the athletes stopped the senators .	Did the doctor stop the athletes ?	no
The managers encouraged the artists and the athletes .	Did the athletes encourage the artists ?	no
The professors encouraged the banker and the judge .	Did the banker encourage the judge ?	no
The lawyer and the judges believed the banker .	Did the judges believe the lawyer ?	no
The lawyers and the doctors called the banker .	Did the lawyers call the doctors ?	no
The student supported the lawyer and the professor .	Did the lawyer support the professor ?	no
The artist and the senators contacted the lawyers .	Did the senators contact the artist ?	no
The president and the doctor encouraged the artists .	Did the doctor encourage the president ?	no
The senators contacted the artists and the president .	Did the president contact the artists ?	no
The student helped the author and the senator .	Did the senator help the author ?	no
The professor and the judge advised the senators .	Did the professor advise the judge ?	no
The actors saw the lawyer and the scientist .	Did the lawyer see the scientist ?	no
The scientist and the lawyer mentioned the tourist .	Did the scientist mention the lawyer ?	no
The president mentioned the judge and the athletes .	Did the athletes mention the judge ?	no
The senator and the manager saw the actors .	Did the senator see the manager ?	no
The professor admired the senators and the manager .	Did the manager admire the senators ?	no
The students mentioned the artist and the professors .	Did the professors mention the artist ?	no
The athlete and the professors believed the secretaries .	Did the athlete believe the professors ?	no
The bankers mentioned the actor and the manager .	Did the manager mention the actor ?	no
The lawyers and the actors avoided the secretary .	Did the lawyers avoid the actors ?	no
The scientists contacted the president and the professor .	Did the president contact the professor ?	no
The judge saw the senators and the tourists .	Did the senators see the tourists ?	no
The doctor and the senator introduced the presidents .	Did the doctor introduce the senator ?	no
The athletes stopped the student and the judges .	Did the student stop the judges ?	no
The bankers and the senator believed the actors .	Did the bankers believe the senator ?	no
The lawyer recommended the professors and the scientist .	Did the scientist recommend the professors ?	no
The presidents helped the senator and the professor .	Did the professor help the senator ?	no
The artist mentioned the managers and the authors .	Did the authors mention the managers ?	no
The actors recognized the author and the professors .	Did the professors recognize the author ?	no
The banker believed the president and the athletes .	Did the athletes believe the president ?	no
The actors and the authors introduced the presidents .	Did the authors introduce the actors ?	no
The judge mentioned the lawyer and the president .	Did the lawyer mention the president ?	no
The student mentioned the lawyers and the banker .	Did the lawyers mention the banker ?	no
The scientist and the tourists supported the senator .	Did the tourists support the scientist ?	no
The president and the author called the managers .	Did the president call the author ?	no
The secretary and the banker believed the judges .	Did the secretary believe the banker ?	no
The athletes contacted the senators and the lawyer .	Did the senators contact the lawyer ?	no
The students and the doctor believed the senators .	Did the students believe the doctor ?	no
The lawyers and the bankers helped the students .	Did the lawyers help the bankers ?	no
The lawyer and the tourists supported the scientists .	Did the lawyer support the tourists ?	no
The senator and the judge recognized the artist .	Did the judge recognize the senator ?	no
The secretary believed the senator and the doctor .	Did the senator believe the doctor ?	no
The tourists and the professors supported the actor .	Did the tourists support the professors ?	no
The professor and the judge thanked the actor .	Did the judge thank the professor ?	no
The manager and the student saw the lawyer .	Did the manager see the student ?	no
The artist and the professor encouraged the senators .	Did the professor encourage the artist ?	no
The senators and the authors avoided the professor .	Did the authors avoid the senators ?	no
The tourists and the scientist mentioned the athletes .	Did the scientist mention the tourists ?	no
The student stopped the professor and the president .	Did the professor stop the president ?	no
The manager and the judges recognized the athletes .	Did the judges recognize the manager ?	no
The bankers and the students stopped the secretary .	Did the bankers stop the students ?	no
The lawyers avoided the manager and the secretaries .	Did the manager avoid the secretaries ?	no
The banker avoided the managers and the scientists .	Did the managers avoid the scientists ?	no
The secretary and the judges stopped the president .	Did the secretary stop the judges ?	no
The judge and the senators thanked the actor .	Did the senators thank the judge ?	no
The manager and the actors encouraged the presidents .	Did the actors encourage the manager ?	no
The artist introduced the actor and the doctor .	Did the doctor introduce the actor ?	no
The lawyer and the authors helped the professor .	Did the lawyer help the authors ?	no
The presidents helped the actor and the scientists .	Did the actor help the scientists ?	no
The professors and the author thanked the managers .	Did the author thank the professors ?	no
The senators and the athlete stopped the professors .	Did the athlete stop the senators ?	no
The artists and the tourists recognized the judge .	Did the artists recognize the tourists ?	no
The student encouraged the doctors and the tourist .	Did the doctors encourage the tourist ?	no
The students believed the lawyer and the authors .	Did the lawyer believe the authors ?	no
The secretary and the authors recognized the scientist .	Did the secretary recognize the authors ?	no
The scientists and the judges admired the artist .	Did the judges admire the scientists ?	no
The author called the managers and the president .	Did the managers call the president ?	no
The professors believed the manager and the scientists .	Did the manager believe the scientists ?	no
The secretary believed the professor and the manager .	Did the manager believe the professor ?	no
The judge and the senators stopped the artists .	Did the judge stop the senators ?	no
The authors and the artist contacted the doctor .	Did the artist contact the authors ?	no
The scientists and the actor admired the professors .	Did the scientists admire the actor ?	no
The bankers and the author saw the tourist .	Did the bankers see the author ?	no
The banker admired the doctors and the actor .	Did the actor admire the doctors ?	no
The professor and the tourists avoided the judges .	Did the tourists avoid the professor ?	no
The senators admired the professors and the artists .	Did the professors admire the artists ?	no
The author and the doctor admired the lawyers .	Did the doctor admire the author ?	no
The lawyer mentioned the managers and the athletes .	Did the athletes mention the managers ?	no
The senator and the secretaries admired the manager .	Did the senator admire the secretaries ?	no
The secretaries encouraged the managers and the tourist .	Did the managers encourage the tourist ?	no
The authors recognized the secretaries and the doctor .	Did the doctor recognize the secretaries ?	no
The banker and the lawyer introduced the authors .	Did the lawyer introduce the banker ?	no
The senators encouraged the scientist and the managers .	Did the managers encourage the scientist ?	no
The doctors avoided the athlete and the scientist .	Did the athlete avoid the scientist ?	no
The judge admired the tourists and the artist .	Did the tourists admire the artist ?	no
The tourist and the author avoided the artist .	Did the tourist avoid the author ?	no
The judges and the tourists encouraged the managers .	Did the judges encourage the tourists ?	no
The tourists and the presidents admired the lawyers .	Did the presidents admire the tourists ?	no
The manager stopped the student and the actor .	Did the student stop the actor ?	no
The senators encouraged the president and the lawyers .	Did the president encourage the lawyers ?	no
The student and the author thanked the president .	Did the author thank the student ?	no
The lawyers believed the president and the students .	Did the president believe the students ?	no
The author and the professors admired the scientist .	Did the author admire the professors ?	no
The actors admired the student and the lawyers .	Did the student admire the lawyers ?	no
The lawyers contacted the manager and the student .	Did the student contact the manager ?	no
The actor and the professors encouraged the senators .	Did the professors encourage the actor ?	no
The managers recommended the lawyer and the actors .	Did the actors recommend the lawyer ?	no
The students recognized the athletes and the judge .	Did the athletes recognize the judge ?	no
The tourists called the president and the students .	Did the president call the students ?	no
The student and the senators helped the secretary .	Did the senators help the student ?	no
The professor and the judges recommended the doctor .	Did the judges recommend the professor ?	no
The actor and the tourist introduced the artists .	Did the actor introduce the tourist ?	no
The tourists recommended the professor and the athletes .	Did the professor recommend the athletes ?	no
The athlete and the senator introduced the doctor .	Did the senator introduce the athlete ?	no
The doctors and the managers helped the judge .	Did the doctors help the managers ?	no
The actor encouraged the author and the artists .	Did the author encourage the artists ?	no
The professors and the authors avoided the secretary .	Did the professors avoid the authors ?	no
The actor called the lawyers and the athlete .	Did the athlete call the lawyers ?	no
The authors encouraged the tourist and the senator .	Did the tourist encourage the senator ?	no
The students and the professor called the artist .	Did the professor call the students ?	no
The managers introduced the student and the professor .	Did the student introduce the professor ?	no
The tourist and the scientist called the presidents .	Did the scientist call the tourist ?	no
The manager saw the students and the authors .	Did the authors see the students ?	no
The artist stopped the doctor and the actor .	Did the doctor stop the actor ?	no
The secretary and the actors supported the student .	Did the secretary support the actors ?	no
The tourists mentioned the lawyers and the secretaries .	Did the lawyers mention the secretaries ?	no
The manager and the presidents helped the actors .	Did the manager help the presidents ?	no
The artists and the athlete believed the lawyers .	Did the athlete believe the artists ?	no
The scientists recommended the senator and the presidents .	Did the presidents recommend the senator ?	no
The professor and the athlete supported the author .	Did the athlete support the professor ?	no
The student encouraged the presidents and the lawyers .	Did the presidents encourage the lawyers ?	no
The athletes advised the tourists and the artists .	Did the artists advise the tourists ?	no
The tourists believed the student and the managers .	Did the student believe the managers ?	no
The secretary and the athletes believed the doctors .	Did the secretary believe the athletes ?	no
The judges and the scientist avoided the athletes .	Did the scientist avoid the judges ?	no
The author and the judges introduced the lawyer .	Did the author introduce the judges ?	no
The athlete believed the artist and the tourists .	Did the artist believe the tourists ?	no
The actor thanked the artist and the doctors .	Did the doctors thank the artist ?	no
The athletes thanked the lawyers and the student .	Did the student thank the lawyers ?	no
The senator supported the scientists and the athlete .	Did the scientists support the athlete ?	no
The judge and the senator thanked the artist .	Did the senator thank the judge ?	no
The president and the managers stopped the artist .	Did the managers stop the president ?	no
The professors recognized the scientists and the bankers .	Did the scientists recognize the bankers ?	no
The actor and the managers believed the authors .	Did the managers believe the actor ?	no
The artist called the lawyer and the banker .	Did the lawyer call the banker ?	no
The senators mentioned the athlete and the tourists .	Did the athlete mention the tourists ?	no
The senators saw the artist and the secretaries .	Did the secretaries see the artist ?	no
The manager introduced the president and the secretary .	Did the secretary introduce the president ?	no
The bankers and the doctors helped the authors .	Did the doctors help the bankers ?	no
The actors mentioned the judges and the athlete .	Did the athlete mention the judges ?	no
The lawyers and the doctor supported the authors .	Did the doctor support the lawyers ?	no
The scientist and the students recommended the professor .	Did the scientist recommend the students ?	no
The tourists admired the judge and the authors .	Did the authors admire the judge ?	no
The doctor and the secretaries supported the artists .	Did the doctor support the secretaries ?	no
The tourists thanked the lawyers and the president .	Did the president thank the lawyers ?	no
The authors and the banker helped the scientist .	Did the authors help the banker ?	no
The doctor saw the manager and the actors .	Did the manager see the actors ?	no
The athlete and the senator encouraged the presidents .	Did the senator encourage the athlete ?	no
The doctor and the professors advised the managers .	Did the doctor advise the professors ?	no
The doctor and the secretaries recommended the authors .	Did the doctor recommend the secretaries ?	no
The scientist encouraged the banker and the artist .	Did the artist encourage the banker ?	no
The tourists called the presidents and the students .	Did the presidents call the students ?	no
The lawyers and the actors encouraged the senators .	Did the lawyers encourage the actors ?	no
The artists and the doctors admired the banker .	Did the doctors admire the artists ?	no
The judges helped the artist and the doctors .	Did the artist help the doctors ?	no
The judges and the athletes thanked the presidents .	Did the athletes thank the judges ?	no
The artists believed the tourists and the manager .	Did the manager believe the tourists ?	no
The managers contacted the scientists and the banker .	Did the banker contact the scientists ?	no
The senators introduced the scientist and the tourist .	Did the scientist introduce the tourist ?	no
The secretaries and the tourist helped the artists .	Did the tourist help the secretaries ?	no
The banker and the doctors thanked the senator .	Did the banker thank the doctors ?	no
The managers supported the student and the tourist .	Did the tourist support the student ?	no
The president believed the lawyers and the athletes .	Did the athletes believe the lawyers ?	no
The lawyer supported the tourist and the actor .	Did the tourist support the actor ?	no
The professors and the lawyers saw the banker .	Did the professors see the lawyers ?	no
The judges recognized the actors and the secretary .	Did the secretary recognize the actors ?	no
The manager and the lawyer avoided the authors .	Did the lawyer avoid the manager ?	no
The lawyer supported the judge and the professor .	Did the judge support the professor ?	no
The authors and the scientists advised the judge .	Did the scientists advise the authors ?	no
The bankers and the athlete believed the actor .	Did the athlete believe the bankers ?	no
The lawyers admired the artist and the authors .	Did the artist admire the authors ?	no
The athletes believed the bankers and the scientist .	Did the scientist believe the bankers ?	no
The scientist admired the doctor and the artist .	Did the artist admire the doctor ?	no
The artist admired the lawyer and the senators .	Did the senators admire the lawyer ?	no
The student and the actor encouraged the authors .	Did the actor encourage the student ?	no
The student thanked the managers and the actor .	Did the managers thank the actor ?	no
The senators and the scientist avoided the tourist .	Did the scientist avoid the senators ?	no
The lawyer stopped the actors and the bankers .	Did the bankers stop the actors ?	no
The senator and the students mentioned the managers .	Did the senator mention the students ?	no
The doctor admired the lawyer and the athlete .	Did the athlete admire the lawyer ?	no
The scientists supported the judges and the manager .	Did the judges support the manager ?	no
The scientist mentioned the lawyer and the secretaries .	Did the lawyer mention the secretaries ?	no
The secretaries thanked the authors and the president .	Did the authors thank the president ?	no
The student and the secretaries introduced the doctors .	Did the student introduce the secretaries ?	no
The athlete helped the actors and the judges .	Did the actors help the judges ?	no
The secretary encouraged the scientists and the manager .	Did the manager encourage the scientists ?	no
The banker and the president believed the tourists .	Did the president believe the banker ?	no
The judge believed the professor and the president .	Did the professor believe the president ?	no
The lawyers and the senators contacted the managers .	Did the lawyers contact the senators ?	no
The presidents and the tourists encouraged the banker .	Did the tourists encourage the presidents ?	no
The doctors and the professors introduced the banker .	Did the doctors introduce the professors ?	no
The doctor encouraged the students and the secretaries .	Did the secretaries encourage the students ?	no
The student and the doctor helped the judge .	Did the doctor help the student ?	no
The student and the scientist helped the judges .	Did the student help the scientist ?	no
The artist and the doctors avoided the tourist .	Did the artist avoid the doctors ?	no
The tourist avoided the author and the manager .	Did the manager avoid the author ?	no
The artists saw the presidents and the students .	Did the presidents see the students ?	no
The secretary and the athletes believed the managers .	Did the athletes believe the secretary ?	no
The scientists thanked the artists and the actors .	Did the actors thank the artists ?	no
The lawyers stopped the author and the senators .	Did the author stop the senators ?	no
The managers and the secretary recognized the bankers .	Did the managers recognize the secretary ?	no
The student mentioned the tourist and the lawyer .	Did the tourist mention the lawyer ?	no
The doctors and the judges recognized the author .	Did the doctors recognize the judges ?	no
The athletes and the senator advised the artists .	Did the senator advise the athletes ?	no
The doctors recognized the secretaries and the senator .	Did the secretaries recognize the senator ?	no
The judges and the scientist avoided the lawyers .	Did the judges avoid the scientist ?	no
The lawyers advised the scientist and the author .	Did the author advise the scientist ?	no
The president and the tourist admired the banker .	Did the tourist admire the president ?	no
The doctors avoided the actor and the lawyer .	Did the actor avoid the lawyer ?	no
The student and the tourist admired the professors .	Did the student admire the tourist ?	no
The students recommended the lawyer and the artist .	Did the artist recommend the lawyer ?	no
The doctors helped the lawyers and the actors .	Did the actors help the lawyers ?	no
The actor and the lawyer introduced the presidents .	Did the actor introduce the lawyer ?	no
The tourist recommended the actors and the doctors .	Did the actors recommend the doctors ?	no
The athlete and the artist supported the managers .	Did the athlete support the artist ?	no
The students recognized the authors and the judge .	Did the authors recognize the judge ?	no
The actors and the secretary saw the artists .	Did the secretary see the actors ?	no
The student recommended the tourist and the authors .	Did the authors recommend the tourist ?	no
The tourist and the doctor supported the manager .	Did the doctor support the tourist ?	no
The athlete and the doctor admired the actors .	Did the athlete admire the doctor ?	no
The managers and the students saw the senators .	Did the managers see the students ?	no
The presidents contacted the secretary and the actor .	Did the actor contact the secretary ?	no
The tourists recommended the doctors and the professor .	Did the doctors recommend the professor ?	no
The artist and the scientist thanked the author .	Did the scientist thank the artist ?	no
The athlete recommended the managers and the authors .	Did the authors recommend the managers ?	no
The secretary stopped the presidents and the authors .	Did the presidents stop the authors ?	no
The doctors and the athletes mentioned the professor .	Did the athletes mention the doctors ?	no
The secretaries mentioned the doctors and the managers .	Did the doctors mention the managers ?	no
The scientists and the banker helped the secretary .	Did the scientists help the banker ?	no
The authors stopped the managers and the lawyer .	Did the managers stop the lawyer ?	no
The lawyer and the doctor introduced the manager .	Did the lawyer introduce the doctor ?	no
The senators called the tourists and the scientist .	Did the scientist call the tourists ?	no
The tourist and the president thanked the secretary .	Did the tourist thank the president ?	no
The presidents and the artist stopped the senators .	Did the presidents stop the artist ?	no
The managers and the lawyers saw the secretaries .	Did the lawyers see the managers ?	no
The judges and the scientist advised the doctors .	Did the judges advise the scientist ?	no
The professors admired the manager and the judges .	Did the judges admire the manager ?	no
The artist and the scientist believed the senators .	Did the artist believe the scientist ?	no
The senators and the manager mentioned the secretary .	Did the manager mention the senators ?	no
The scientists recommended the secretary and the banker .	Did the secretary recommend the banker ?	no
The lawyer and the professors supported the tourists .	Did the lawyer support the professors ?	no
The tourists mentioned the president and the secretaries .	Did the president mention the secretaries ?	no
The artist and the lawyers stopped the authors .	Did the lawyers stop the artist ?	no
The athletes recognized the secretary and the tourist .	Did the tourist recognize the secretary ?	no
The lawyers and the managers helped the student .	Did the lawyers help the managers ?	no
The professors and the doctor saw the managers .	Did the professors see the doctor ?	no
The judge contacted the student and the lawyer .	Did the lawyer contact the student ?	no
The author and the athletes believed the judge .	Did the athletes believe the author ?	no
The judges and the banker introduced the manager .	Did the banker introduce the judges ?	no
The artists and the judge contacted the scientist .	Did the artists contact the judge ?	no
The lawyers and the secretary thanked the actors .	Did the lawyers thank the secretary ?	no
The doctors encouraged the senator and the tourist .	Did the senator encourage the tourist ?	no
The actor and the student helped the artists .	Did the student help the actor ?	no
The artist and the presidents supported the senators .	Did the artist support the presidents ?	no
The lawyers and the presidents admired the actor .	Did the presidents admire the lawyers ?	no
The actors mentioned the scientist and the manager .	Did the scientist mention the manager ?	no
The authors and the artists supported the student .	Did the authors support the artists ?	no
The tourist and the student avoided the judges .	Did the tourist avoid the student ?	no
The author and the senators mentioned the banker .	Did the senators mention the author ?	no
The professor stopped the senators and the tourist .	Did the tourist stop the senators ?	no
The tourist saw the professor and the author .	Did the professor see the author ?	no
The presidents admired the lawyers and the tourist .	Did the lawyers admire the tourist ?	no
The artists contacted the student and the scientist .	Did the student contact the scientist ?	no
The lawyer called the presidents and the authors .	Did the presidents call the authors ?	no
The judge believed the president and the authors .	Did the authors believe the president ?	no
The authors and the secretary called the judge .	Did the secretary call the authors ?	no
The authors supported the secretaries and the presidents .	Did the secretaries support the presidents ?	no
The professors recognized the senators and the manager .	Did the senators recognize the manager ?	no
The doctors avoided the senator and the actors .	Did the actors avoid the senator ?	no
The secretary and the doctors mentioned the author .	Did the doctors mention the secretary ?	no
The lawyer and the doctor recommended the actor .	Did the lawyer recommend the doctor ?	no
The judges called the professors and the presidents .	Did the professors call the presidents ?	no
The artists introduced the scientists and the tourists .	Did the tourists introduce the scientists ?	no
The tourist and the senators contacted the lawyer .	Did the senators contact the tourist ?	no
The manager and the secretary supported the doctors .	Did the secretary support the manager ?	no
The students and the tourist believed the actor .	Did the students believe the tourist ?	no
The doctors avoided the lawyer and the artists .	Did the artists avoid the lawyer ?	no
The scientist and the judges called the tourist .	Did the judges call the scientist ?	no
The doctor and the professors advised the students .	Did the professors advise the doctor ?	no
The professors and the artist encouraged the lawyer .	Did the professors encourage the artist ?	no
The scientists and the doctor recommended the professors .	Did the doctor recommend the scientists ?	no
The senator and the doctor stopped the secretary .	Did the doctor stop the senator ?	no
The banker and the professors recommended the doctor .	Did the professors recommend the banker ?	no
The lawyers avoided the doctors and the president .	Did the doctors avoid the president ?	no
The managers avoided the senators and the president .	Did the president avoid the senators ?	no
The actors believed the judges and the secretary .	Did the judges believe the secretary ?	no
The authors helped the judge and the president .	Did the judge help the president ?	no
The doctor encouraged the student and the artists .	Did the artists encourage the student ?	no
The artist believed the secretary and the lawyers .	Did the secretary believe the lawyers ?	no
The author and the judge saw the lawyers .	Did the judge see the author ?	no
The doctor avoided the judge and the senators .	Did the senators avoid the judge ?	no
The banker and the student encouraged the artists .	Did the banker encourage the student ?	no
The presidents and the managers recognized the artists .	Did the presidents recognize the managers ?	no
The scientist encouraged the athlete and the judge .	Did the athlete encourage the judge ?	no
The doctors and the tourist supported the scientists .	Did the doctors support the tourist ?	no
The author admired the student and the senator .	Did the senator admire the student ?	no
The tourists and the judge recognized the lawyer .	Did the tourists recognize the judge ?	no
The scientists and the presidents helped the senator .	Did the scientists help the presidents ?	no
The professors and the bankers contacted the president .	Did the bankers contact the professors ?	no
The doctors believed the students and the secretary .	Did the students believe the secretary ?	no
The doctor and the manager admired the president .	Did the doctor admire the manager ?	no
The presidents and the actor thanked the doctors .	Did the actor thank the presidents ?	no
The authors and the doctor recognized the managers .	Did the authors recognize the doctor ?	no
The professors and the tourists supported the athlete .	Did the tourists support the professors ?	no
The president recommended the managers and the judge .	Did the managers recommend the judge ?	no
The doctors and the actors supported the student .	Did the actors support the doctors ?	no
The manager and the tourists contacted the author .	Did the tourists contact the manager ?	no
The lawyer and the judge contacted the tourists .	Did the judge contact the lawyer ?	no
The athlete supported the secretary and the authors .	Did the authors support the secretary ?	no
The secretaries mentioned the scientist and the bankers .	Did the scientist mention the bankers ?	no
The banker contacted the actors and the doctor .	Did the doctor contact the actors ?	no
The lawyer and the judge supported the students .	Did the judge support the lawyer ?	no
The athletes and the tourists believed the doctor .	Did the tourists believe the athletes ?	no
The tourist recognized the judge and the authors .	Did the authors recognize the judge ?	no
The manager advised the authors and the secretary .	Did the authors advise the secretary ?	no
The president and the authors stopped the judge .	Did the president stop the authors ?	no
The banker and the actors recommended the presidents .	Did the actors recommend the banker ?	no
The secretaries and the author contacted the professors .	Did the author contact the secretaries ?	no
The banker thanked the secretaries and the judges .	Did the secretaries thank the judges ?	no
The bankers and the presidents admired the lawyers .	Did the bankers admire the presidents ?	no
The author mentioned the lawyers and the judges .	Did the lawyers mention the judges ?	no
The actor recommended the professor and the president .	Did the president recommend the professor ?	no
The tourist contacted the lawyer and the actors .	Did the actors contact the lawyer ?	no
The secretary and the president saw the students .	Did the secretary see the president ?	no
The president saw the judges and the manager .	Did the manager see the judges ?	no
The senators and the banker encouraged the doctor .	Did the senators encourage the banker ?	no
The actors called the presidents and the professor .	Did the presidents call the professor ?	no
The senators and the athletes mentioned the lawyer .	Did the athletes mention the senators ?	no
The banker supported the senators and the manager .	Did the manager support the senators ?	no
The lawyer thanked the tourist and the artist .	Did the tourist thank the artist ?	no
The senator believed the authors and the scientist .	Did the authors believe the scientist ?	no
The lawyer and the secretaries saw the judge .	Did the lawyer see the secretaries ?	no
The authors and the athlete mentioned the president .	Did the athlete mention the authors ?	no
The scientists and the student introduced the professor .	Did the scientists introduce the student ?	no
The professor and the athletes called the judge .	Did the athletes call the professor ?	no
The actor called the judges and the scientist .	Did the judges call the scientist ?	no
The scientists recognized the banker and the athlete .	Did the banker recognize the athlete ?	no
The athletes introduced the senator and the author .	Did the author introduce the senator ?	no
The actors and the lawyers helped the judges .	Did the actors help the lawyers ?	no
The doctors and the actor helped the tourists .	Did the actor help the doctors ?	no
The banker avoided the doctor and the artist .	Did the doctor avoid the artist ?	no
The athlete and the doctor helped the artists .	Did the athlete help the doctor ?	no
The lawyer and the author introduced the bankers .	Did the lawyer introduce the author ?	no
The banker introduced the tourist and the actor .	Did the tourist introduce the actor ?	no
The student encouraged the doctor and the tourists .	Did the doctor encourage the tourists ?	no
The banker and the scientist supported the professor .	Did the banker support the scientist ?	no
The secretary and the author helped the doctors .	Did the author help the secretary ?	no
The scientist and the lawyers called the actor .	Did the lawyers call the scientist ?	no
The secretary thanked the authors and the artist .	Did the authors thank the artist ?	no
The professors and the doctor believed the author .	Did the doctor believe the professors ?	no
The lawyers and the doctors stopped the professor .	Did the doctors stop the lawyers ?	no
The presidents and the judge mentioned the scientists .	Did the judge mention the presidents ?	no
The senators contacted the secretary and the authors .	Did the secretary contact the authors ?	no
The senator and the artists avoided the students .	Did the artists avoid the senator ?	no
The senator supported the judges and the actors .	Did the judges support the actors ?	no
The lawyers and the banker advised the authors .	Did the banker advise the lawyers ?	no
The senators helped the judges and the students .	Did the students help the judges ?	no
The professor saw the secretary and the lawyer .	Did the lawyer see the secretary ?	no
The scientist and the lawyers stopped the president .	Did the lawyers stop the scientist ?	no
The artist encouraged the athletes and the senators .	Did the senators encourage the athletes ?	no
The students saw the scientists and the lawyers .	Did the lawyers see the scientists ?	no
The actors believed the student and the manager .	Did the student believe the manager ?	no
The senator and the artists recommended the authors .	Did the artists recommend the senator ?	no
The authors supported the manager and the professors .	Did the manager support the professors ?	no
The athlete believed the student and the professors .	Did the student believe the professors ?	no
The senators encouraged the students and the lawyers .	Did the lawyers encourage the students ?	no
The lawyer introduced the tourist and the actor .	Did the actor introduce the tourist ?	no
The authors and the doctors encouraged the student .	Did the doctors encourage the authors ?	no
The tourists and the professors supported the lawyers .	Did the professors support the tourists ?	no
The banker and the professor thanked the students .	Did the professor thank the banker ?	no
The secretary helped the artists and the doctor .	Did the artists help the doctor ?	no
The lawyers and the professors recognized the athletes .	Did the lawyers recognize the professors ?	no
The actors and the author admired the secretary .	Did the actors admire the author ?	no
The author and the professor stopped the bankers .	Did the professor stop the author ?	no
The tourist advised the author and the artist .	Did the author advise the artist ?	no
The artist and the athletes saw the bankers .	Did the artist see the athletes ?	no
The manager and the artists advised the actor .	Did the manager advise the artists ?	no
The actor believed the bankers and the tourist .	Did the tourist believe the bankers ?	no
The banker thanked the actor and the senators .	Did the actor thank the senators ?	no
The senator saw the athletes and the bankers .	Did the athletes see the bankers ?	no
The president and the professor helped the scientists .	Did the professor help the president ?	no
The student and the bankers helped the author .	Did the student help the bankers ?	no
The authors thanked the artist and the professors .	Did the artist thank the professors ?	no
The students recommended the bankers and the athlete .	Did the bankers recommend the athlete ?	no
The presidents and the lawyer mentioned the secretaries .	Did the lawyer mention the presidents ?	no
The judges contacted the students and the professor .	Did the professor contact the students ?	no
The banker and the senators believed the doctors .	Did the senators believe the banker ?	no
The senator and the actors recommended the tourists .	Did the senator recommend the actors ?	no
The tourists admired the athletes and the senators .	Did the senators admire the athletes ?	no
The actors saw the authors and the athlete .	Did the athlete see the authors ?	no
The authors contacted the actors and the doctors .	Did the doctors contact the actors ?	no
The bankers and the tourists encouraged the artists .	Did the bankers encourage the tourists ?	no
The athletes and the actor recognized the scientists .	Did the actor recognize the athletes ?	no
The judge and the doctor avoided the presidents .	Did the judge avoid the doctor ?	no
The professors and the student saw the artists .	Did the professors see the student ?	no
The scientists introduced the authors and the doctors .	Did the doctors introduce the authors ?	no
The students and the actor called the doctor .	Did the students call the actor ?	no
The managers and the authors supported the tourist .	Did the authors support the managers ?	no
The professor advised the actor and the scientist .	Did the scientist advise the actor ?	no
The student recommended the judge and the doctor .	Did the doctor recommend the judge ?	no
The managers helped the senator and the lawyers .	Did the senator help the lawyers ?	no
The managers helped the artist and the professor .	Did the artist help the professor ?	no
The judge and the managers stopped the tourists .	Did the judge stop the managers ?	no
The doctors and the senator stopped the presidents .	Did the senator stop the doctors ?	no
The tourist and the scientist saw the secretary .	Did the scientist see the tourist ?	no
The senators thanked the doctor and the tourists .	Did the doctor thank the tourists ?	no
The actors recommended the scientists and the judge .	Did the judge recommend the scientists ?	no
The doctor and the scientists helped the author .	Did the doctor help the scientists ?	no
The president and the managers encouraged the tourists .	Did the president encourage the managers ?	no
The professors recommended the manager and the artists .	Did the artists recommend the manager ?	no
The secretary and the tourists supported the president .	Did the secretary support the tourists ?	no
The actors stopped the presidents and the author .	Did the presidents stop the author ?	no
The bankers and the artists advised the doctors .	Did the bankers advise the artists ?	no
The doctor and the students advised the president .	Did the students advise the doctor ?	no
The judges called the professors and the senators .	Did the professors call the senators ?	no
The authors stopped the tourists and the students .	Did the students stop the tourists ?	no
The banker called the presidents and the manager .	Did the presidents call the manager ?	no
The senator encouraged the tourist and the actors .	Did the actors encourage the tourist ?	no
The lawyers and the athlete helped the students .	Did the athlete help the lawyers ?	no
The students helped the secretaries and the tourists .	Did the tourists help the secretaries ?	no
The judges recognized the actor and the presidents .	Did the actor recognize the presidents ?	no
The senators and the artists believed the lawyer .	Did the senators believe the artists ?	no
The banker advised the lawyer and the actor .	Did the lawyer advise the actor ?	no
The actors and the secretary helped the athletes .	Did the secretary help the actors ?	no
The president saw the lawyer and the student .	Did the lawyer see the student ?	no
The manager saw the judge and the athlete .	Did the athlete see the judge ?	no
The presidents and the actor mentioned the author .	Did the actor mention the presidents ?	no
The student supported the professors and the secretaries .	Did the secretaries support the professors ?	no
The scientist stopped the artist and the senator .	Did the artist stop the senator ?	no
The managers mentioned the actors and the secretary .	Did the actors mention the secretary ?	no
The author and the artists saw the secretary .	Did the author see the artists ?	no
The artists and the professors stopped the judges .	Did the artists stop the professors ?	no
The senators avoided the authors and the doctors .	Did the authors avoid the doctors ?	no
The athlete recommended the secretaries and the artist .	Did the artist recommend the secretaries ?	no
The bankers and the manager mentioned the doctor .	Did the manager mention the bankers ?	no
The actor encouraged the students and the banker .	Did the banker encourage the students ?	no
The tourists thanked the athlete and the authors .	Did the athlete thank the authors ?	no
The secretaries and the lawyer thanked the doctors .	Did the secretaries thank the lawyer ?	no
The lawyer stopped the artist and the tourist .	Did the tourist stop the artist ?	no
The senators and the author recognized the artists .	Did the senators recognize the author ?	no
The presidents thanked the author and the senators .	Did the author thank the senators ?	no
The athletes and the authors contacted the judge .	Did the athletes contact the authors ?	no
The lawyers contacted the students and the tourist .	Did the tourist contact the students ?	no
The banker and the judge mentioned the secretaries .	Did the judge mention the banker ?	no
The presidents and the lawyers helped the manager .	Did the lawyers help the presidents ?	no
The actor stopped the tourist and the student .	Did the tourist stop the student ?	no
The authors and the lawyer believed the banker .	Did the authors believe the lawyer ?	no
The judges supported the manager and the lawyers .	Did the lawyers support the manager ?	no
The lawyers contacted the scientist and the doctors .	Did the scientist contact the doctors ?	no
The manager believed the tourists and the senators .	Did the tourists believe the senators ?	no
The tourist and the banker admired the secretaries .	Did the banker admire the tourist ?	no
The banker called the president and the scientist .	Did the scientist call the president ?	no
The artists and the tourist mentioned the professors .	Did the tourist mention the artists ?	no
The professors and the bankers thanked the judge .	Did the bankers thank the professors ?	no
The actors advised the professor and the lawyer .	Did the lawyer advise the professor ?	no
The professors advised the students and the tourists .	Did the students advise the tourists ?	no
The banker and the actor introduced the author .	Did the actor introduce the banker ?	no
The senator thanked the student and the presidents .	Did the student thank the presidents ?	no
The lawyer believed the presidents and the authors .	Did the authors believe the presidents ?	no
The tourist and the students called the judge .	Did the tourist call the students ?	no
The scientists and the presidents saw the professors .	Did the presidents see the scientists ?	no
The lawyer and the senators mentioned the tourist .	Did the senators mention the lawyer ?	no
The athletes and the student introduced the judge .	Did the athletes introduce the student ?	no
The students stopped the manager and the banker .	Did the banker stop the manager ?	no
The manager supported the tourists and the banker .	Did the banker support the tourists ?	no
The scientist and the students encouraged the authors .	Did the scientist encourage the students ?	no
The president admired the artist and the doctor .	Did the artist admire the doctor ?	no
The secretaries called the professors and the lawyer .	Did the professors call the lawyer ?	no
The secretary and the president thanked the tourist .	Did the president thank the secretary ?	no
The banker advised the student and the presidents .	Did the student advise the presidents ?	no
The bankers and the tourist thanked the doctors .	Did the bankers thank the tourist ?	no
The doctor thanked the tourist and the authors .	Did the tourist thank the authors ?	no
The doctors mentioned the authors and the actor .	Did the authors mention the actor ?	no
The actors saw the professor and the tourists .	Did the professor see the tourists ?	no
The tourist and the judge admired the secretary .	Did the tourist admire the judge ?	no
The authors stopped the banker and the lawyer .	Did the banker stop the lawyer ?	no
The tourists and the authors called the presidents .	Did the authors call the tourists ?	no
The senators thanked the secretaries and the actor .	Did the actor thank the secretaries ?	no
The actors stopped the manager and the senator .	Did the manager stop the senator ?	no
The president and the tourists contacted the secretary .	Did the president contact the tourists ?	no
The tourists saw the judge and the lawyer .	Did the judge see the lawyer ?	no
The manager and the bankers saw the presidents .	Did the manager see the bankers ?	no
The secretary contacted the artist and the professors .	Did the professors contact the artist ?	no
The lawyers and the managers recommended the authors .	Did the lawyers recommend the managers ?	no
The tourist avoided the doctors and the secretaries .	Did the doctors avoid the secretaries ?	no
The artists and the scientist recognized the senators .	Did the scientist recognize the artists ?	no
The presidents encouraged the judge and the secretary .	Did the secretary encourage the judge ?	no
The artists thanked the secretaries and the professors .	Did the professors thank the secretaries ?	no
The students and the senator advised the secretary .	Did the students advise the senator ?	no
The doctors avoided the judges and the athletes .	Did the judges avoid the athletes ?	no
The doctors and the banker introduced the lawyers .	Did the doctors introduce the banker ?	no
The judges called the doctors and the lawyer .	Did the lawyer call the doctors ?	no
The artists and the doctors contacted the managers .	Did the doctors contact the artists ?	no
The actors recognized the scientist and the banker .	Did the scientist recognize the banker ?	no
The student and the judge encouraged the presidents .	Did the judge encourage the student ?	no
The athletes mentioned the scientist and the secretaries .	Did the secretaries mention the scientist ?	no
The senators and the judges stopped the actor .	Did the judges stop the senators ?	no
The professor advised the doctor and the actors .	Did the doctor advise the actors ?	no
The president thanked the professor and the managers .	Did the professor thank the managers ?	no
The doctors and the author introduced the senator .	Did the author introduce the doctors ?	no
The authors and the scientist advised the bankers .	Did the authors advise the scientist ?	no
The author helped the athlete and the actor .	Did the athlete help the actor ?	no
The president and the judges introduced the doctors .	Did the judges introduce the president ?	no
The athletes believed the judges and the doctor .	Did the doctor believe the judges ?	no
The banker and the authors helped the artists .	Did the authors help the banker ?	no
The secretary thanked the managers and the lawyer .	Did the lawyer thank the managers ?	no
The judge supported the tourists and the authors .	Did the authors support the tourists ?	no
The secretary and the judge supported the lawyer .	Did the secretary support the judge ?	no
The scientists recognized the athlete and the president .	Did the president recognize the athlete ?	no
The president thanked the artists and the judge .	Did the judge thank the artists ?	no
The judge and the lawyer recommended the tourist .	Did the lawyer recommend the judge ?	no
The lawyers and the professors supported the actors .	Did the professors support the lawyers ?	no
The secretary encouraged the actors and the senator .	Did the actors encourage the senator ?	no
The tourists and the bankers stopped the senator .	Did the tourists stop the bankers ?	no
The author admired the actor and the judges .	Did the judges admire the actor ?	no
The student avoided the professors and the athlete .	Did the professors avoid the athlete ?	no
The presidents and the athletes avoided the scientists .	Did the presidents avoid the athletes ?	no
The senators supported the judges and the actor .	Did the judges support the actor ?	no
The bankers avoided the actors and the president .	Did the actors avoid the president ?	no
The authors and the president recognized the athlete .	Did the authors recognize the president ?	no
The authors called the artist and the doctor .	Did the artist call the doctor ?	no
The judges saw the tourist and the actors .	Did the actors see the tourist ?	no
The senators and the athletes introduced the actors .	Did the senators introduce the athletes ?	no
The judges and the professors supported the authors .	Did the professors support the judges ?	no
The professors and the judges contacted the athlete .	Did the professors contact the judges ?	no
The doctors and the presidents contacted the bankers .	Did the doctors contact the presidents ?	no
The managers and the scientists avoided the author .	Did the managers avoid the scientists ?	no
The authors and the manager avoided the tourist .	Did the authors avoid the manager ?	no
The banker mentioned the author and the professor .	Did the author mention the professor ?	no
The managers helped the doctor and the president .	Did the president help the doctor ?	no
The bankers and the athlete supported the actors .	Did the bankers support the athlete ?	no
The tourist and the bankers helped the doctors .	Did the tourist help the bankers ?	no
The judges and the lawyer supported the secretary .	Did the lawyer support the judges ?	no
The tourist saw the senator and the judges .	Did the senator see the judges ?	no
The athletes and the tourist encouraged the managers .	Did the athletes encourage the tourist ?	no
The secretaries and the authors saw the students .	Did the secretaries see the authors ?	no
The secretary and the doctors believed the judge .	Did the secretary believe the doctors ?	no
The actor and the bankers recognized the artists .	Did the actor recognize the bankers ?	no
The lawyer and the tourists recommended the president .	Did the lawyer recommend the tourists ?	no
The author believed the presidents and the students .	Did the presidents believe the students ?	no
The secretaries and the managers advised the banker .	Did the managers advise the secretaries ?	no
The artists encouraged the doctor and the student .	Did the doctor encourage the student ?	no
The tourist helped the judge and the doctors .	Did the judge help the doctors ?	no
The secretary recognized the artists and the professor .	Did the professor recognize the artists ?	no
The author introduced the professors and the lawyers .	Did the lawyers introduce the professors ?	no
The professors recommended the artists and the athlete .	Did the artists recommend the athlete ?	no
The bankers and the president introduced the authors .	Did the president introduce the bankers ?	no
The student and the banker introduced the presidents .	Did the student introduce the banker ?	no
The athletes stopped the president and the professors .	Did the president stop the professors ?	no
The presidents and the lawyers saw the senators .	Did the presidents see the lawyers ?	no
The doctor stopped the athlete and the secretaries .	Did the athlete stop the secretaries ?	no
The athlete admired the managers and the tourists .	Did the tourists admire the managers ?	no
The scientists and the presidents mentioned the secretaries .	Did the scientists mention the presidents ?	no
The students advised the actors and the professors .	Did the professors advise the actors ?	no
The athletes introduced the students and the judges .	Did the students introduce the judges ?	no
The senators believed the scientist and the manager .	Did the manager believe the scientist ?	no
The secretary encouraged the scientists and the president .	Did the scientists encourage the president ?	no
The artist thanked the professor and the president .	Did the president thank the professor ?	no
The senator and the author recognized the lawyers .	Did the author recognize the senator ?	no
The tourists and the athletes believed the secretary .	Did the tourists believe the athletes ?	no
The tourists saw the judge and the scientists .	Did the judge see the scientists ?	no
The author recognized the scientists and the artist .	Did the artist recognize the scientists ?	no
The banker saw the doctor and the president .	Did the doctor see the president ?	no
The students avoided the managers and the secretaries .	Did the secretaries avoid the managers ?	no
The athlete stopped the managers and the authors .	Did the authors stop the managers ?	no
The bankers admired the athletes and the presidents .	Did the presidents admire the athletes ?	no
The tourist supported the artist and the actors .	Did the artist support the actors ?	no
The doctor and the actors called the president .	Did the doctor call the actors ?	no
The manager saw the scientist and the tourists .	Did the tourists see the scientist ?	no
The manager introduced the professors and the senators .	Did the senators introduce the professors ?	no
The doctors and the judges stopped the banker .	Did the judges stop the doctors ?	no
The managers and the bankers encouraged the athlete .	Did the bankers encourage the managers ?	no
The lawyer encouraged the artists and the judges .	Did the judges encourage the artists ?	no
The tourists and the professor recognized the lawyers .	Did the tourists recognize the professor ?	no
The artists and the presidents admired the author .	Did the presidents admire the artists ?	no
The secretaries believed the lawyers and the student .	Did the lawyers believe the student ?	no
The tourists thanked the senators and the judges .	Did the senators thank the judges ?	no
The actors and the professor recommended the athlete .	Did the actors recommend the professor ?	no
The judges mentioned the senators and the actors .	Did the actors mention the senators ?	no
The manager helped the athletes and the scientist .	Did the athletes help the scientist ?	no
The scientist and the bankers believed the senator .	Did the scientist believe the bankers ?	no
The bankers advised the author and the artists .	Did the author advise the artists ?	no
The doctors recognized the managers and the artist .	Did the artist recognize the managers ?	no
The student mentioned the manager and the scientists .	Did the scientists mention the manager ?	no
The actor and the judges believed the artists .	Did the judges believe the actor ?	no
The tourist and the secretaries mentioned the professor .	Did the tourist mention the secretaries ?	no
The doctor believed the professors and the athlete .	Did the professors believe the athlete ?	no
The banker called the athletes and the tourists .	Did the tourists call the athletes ?	no
The doctors recommended the athletes and the student .	Did the student recommend the athletes ?	no
The president and the secretaries stopped the senator .	Did the secretaries stop the president ?	no
The president recommended the tourist and the athletes .	Did the tourist recommend the athletes ?	no
The tourist thanked the president and the doctor .	Did the president thank the doctor ?	no
The actors encouraged the author and the professor .	Did the author encourage the professor ?	no
The athlete advised the actors and the professors .	Did the actors advise the professors ?	no
The athletes and the president called the secretaries .	Did the president call the athletes ?	no
The managers introduced the president and the professor .	Did the president introduce the professor ?	no
The scientist and the banker supported the actor .	Did the scientist support the banker ?	no
The secretary and the students recognized the athlete .	Did the secretary recognize the students ?	no
The athletes encouraged the manager and the tourist .	Did the tourist encourage the manager ?	no
The judges and the actor supported the senators .	Did the judges support the actor ?	no
The lawyer and the tourist believed the senator .	Did the lawyer believe the tourist ?	no
The professors and the athletes recognized the student .	Did the athletes recognize the professors ?	no
The author and the professors mentioned the judges .	Did the professors mention the author ?	no
The professor and the presidents helped the lawyer .	Did the presidents help the professor ?	no
The author and the lawyers stopped the professors .	Did the author stop the lawyers ?	no
The president and the actor called the bankers .	Did the president call the actor ?	no
The secretaries believed the presidents and the student .	Did the presidents believe the student ?	no
The authors avoided the students and the tourist .	Did the students avoid the tourist ?	no
The doctor and the presidents stopped the students .	Did the presidents stop the doctor ?	no
The students and the managers advised the bankers .	Did the managers advise the students ?	no
The banker avoided the author and the artist .	Did the artist avoid the author ?	no
The actor and the scientists called the lawyer .	Did the scientists call the actor ?	no
The author and the lawyers supported the athlete .	Did the lawyers support the author ?	no
The managers and the senators recommended the judge .	Did the senators recommend the managers ?	no
The actor saw the judges and the students .	Did the students see the judges ?	no
The doctors saw the judges and the scientists .	Did the judges see the scientists ?	no
The authors recognized the athlete and the bankers .	Did the athlete recognize the bankers ?	no
The senators thanked the artists and the president .	Did the president thank the artists ?	no
The senator recommended the lawyer and the athlete .	Did the athlete recommend the lawyer ?	no
The authors and the athlete believed the artist .	Did the authors believe the athlete ?	no
The presidents and the senator mentioned the authors .	Did the presidents mention the senator ?	no
The senator advised the students and the artists .	Did the artists advise the students ?	no
The authors and the manager stopped the banker .	Did the authors stop the manager ?	no
The professors contacted the artists and the secretary .	Did the artists contact the secretary ?	no
The student and the presidents thanked the authors .	Did the student thank the presidents ?	no
The secretary recognized the doctor and the artists .	Did the artists recognize the doctor ?	no
The presidents and the student advised the author .	Did the presidents advise the student ?	no
The tourists supported the manager and the student .	Did the manager support the student ?	no
The judge and the actor recommended the lawyers .	Did the judge recommend the actor ?	no
The athletes and the manager called the scientist .	Did the manager call the athletes ?	no
The secretaries encouraged the senator and the athlete .	Did the senator encourage the athlete ?	no
The actor and the student helped the doctors .	Did the student help the actor ?	no
The scientists thanked the president and the artist .	Did the president thank the artist ?	no
The senator advised the student and the judge .	Did the judge advise the student ?	no
The senator and the actor recommended the doctors .	Did the senator recommend the actor ?	no
The presidents and the professor avoided the banker .	Did the presidents avoid the professor ?	no
The professors and the managers encouraged the tourist .	Did the professors encourage the managers ?	no
The doctors and the secretaries mentioned the presidents .	Did the doctors mention the secretaries ?	no
The secretary believed the lawyers and the author .	Did the lawyers believe the author ?	no
The manager and the doctor supported the students .	Did the manager support the doctor ?	no
The bankers contacted the judge and the author .	Did the author contact the judge ?	no
The president and the actor helped the student .	Did the president help the actor ?	no
The professor helped the secretaries and the scientists .	Did the secretaries help the scientists ?	no
The doctors recognized the scientist and the actors .	Did the scientist recognize the actors ?	no
The bankers supported the lawyers and the artist .	Did the artist support the lawyers ?	no
The author advised the lawyer and the actors .	Did the lawyer advise the actors ?	no
The artist and the bankers advised the manager .	Did the bankers advise the artist ?	no
The author and the tourist believed the artists .	Did the author believe the tourist ?	no
The bankers and the secretaries contacted the lawyer .	Did the bankers contact the secretaries ?	no
The doctors and the student recommended the authors .	Did the student recommend the doctors ?	no
The lawyers and the actor mentioned the students .	Did the actor mention the lawyers ?	no
The manager and the judge helped the tourists .	Did the manager help the judge ?	no
The artists and the doctor recommended the managers .	Did the doctor recommend the artists ?	no
The professors and the judge recognized the senator .	Did the professors recognize the judge ?	no
The scientist supported the judges and the manager .	Did the judges support the manager ?	no
The doctors supported the tourist and the actor .	Did the actor support the tourist ?	no
The bankers and the tourist recommended the secretaries .	Did the tourist recommend the bankers ?	no
The managers encouraged the artists and the lawyer .	Did the lawyer encourage the artists ?	no
The secretaries and the president advised the doctor .	Did the president advise the secretaries ?	no
The artists admired the authors and the manager .	Did the manager admire the authors ?	no
The tourist encouraged the actors and the secretary .	Did the actors encourage the secretary ?	no
The secretaries advised the authors and the student .	Did the student advise the authors ?	no
The student mentioned the president and the secretaries .	Did the president mention the secretaries ?	no
The managers and the athletes mentioned the bankers .	Did the athletes mention the managers ?	no
The presidents admired the artist and the athlete .	Did the athlete admire the artist ?	no
The secretary contacted the tourists and the lawyers .	Did the tourists contact the lawyers ?	no
The athletes and the secretaries believed the senator .	Did the secretaries believe the athletes ?	no
The presidents and the doctors admired the artists .	Did the presidents admire the doctors ?	no
The secretaries and the scientist advised the student .	Did the scientist advise the secretaries ?	no
The actors thanked the lawyers and the president .	Did the lawyers thank the president ?	no
The senators recommended the lawyer and the professors .	Did the professors recommend the lawyer ?	no
The doctors helped the artist and the secretary .	Did the secretary help the artist ?	no
The judges admired the senator and the artist .	Did the senator admire the artist ?	no
The artists advised the manager and the actor .	Did the actor advise the manager ?	no
The judge and the professors thanked the presidents .	Did the professors thank the judge ?	no
The doctors and the judges contacted the artists .	Did the doctors contact the judges ?	no
The banker and the artist saw the tourist .	Did the artist see the banker ?	no
The judge avoided the scientist and the authors .	Did the authors avoid the scientist ?	no
The lawyer recognized the author and the actors .	Did the actors recognize the author ?	no
The senators and the judges introduced the doctors .	Did the judges introduce the senators ?	no
The secretaries and the doctors called the lawyer .	Did the doctors call the secretaries ?	no
The secretary mentioned the scientist and the banker .	Did the scientist mention the banker ?	no
The artist avoided the authors and the banker .	Did the banker avoid the authors ?	no
The author and the judges encouraged the president .	Did the author encourage the judges ?	no
The president introduced the scientists and the student .	Did the scientists introduce the student ?	no
The bankers thanked the senator and the doctors .	Did the senator thank the doctors ?	no
The doctor recommended the artists and the actor .	Did the actor recommend the artists ?	no
The scientists contacted the manager and the secretary .	Did the manager contact the secretary ?	no
The secretary advised the judge and the senators .	Did the judge advise the senators ?	no
The tourist saw the managers and the secretary .	Did the managers see the secretary ?	no
The artist and the tourist contacted the lawyers .	Did the tourist contact the artist ?	no
The lawyers and the senators contacted the doctor .	Did the senators contact the lawyers ?	no
The doctors mentioned the senators and the athlete .	Did the athlete mention the senators ?	no
The tourist and the athlete introduced the scientist .	Did the athlete introduce the tourist ?	no
The professor saw the actor and the judge .	Did the actor see the judge ?	no
The doctor supported the authors and the tourists .	Did the authors support the tourists ?	no
The professor recognized the president and the secretaries .	Did the secretaries recognize the president ?	no
The athlete recommended the actors and the doctors .	Did the actors recommend the doctors ?	no
The tourists and the senators contacted the scientist .	Did the tourists contact the senators ?	no
The tourists and the secretary helped the author .	Did the secretary help the tourists ?	no
The author and the actors advised the doctor .	Did the author advise the actors ?	no
The actor supported the author and the lawyer .	Did the author support the lawyer ?	no
The bankers supported the tourists and the authors .	Did the tourists support the authors ?	no
The authors avoided the secretary and the lawyer .	Did the secretary avoid the lawyer ?	no
The scientist and the judge recommended the managers .	Did the judge recommend the scientist ?	no
The senator and the student supported the judge .	Did the student support the senator ?	no
The artists contacted the banker and the tourist .	Did the banker contact the tourist ?	no
The authors encouraged the athlete and the tourists .	Did the tourists encourage the athlete ?	no
The athletes and the managers avoided the scientists .	Did the athletes avoid the managers ?	no
The managers advised the artist and the authors .	Did the artist advise the authors ?	no
The judge and the banker thanked the artists .	Did the judge thank the banker ?	no
The doctors and the judges believed the actor .	Did the judges believe the doctors ?	no
The students and the judge mentioned the tourists .	Did the judge mention the students ?	no
The professor and the scientist advised the doctors .	Did the scientist advise the professor ?	no
The student encouraged the presidents and the senator .	Did the presidents encourage the senator ?	no
The artist and the secretary recognized the doctors .	Did the secretary recognize the artist ?	no
The artists thanked the authors and the senator .	Did the authors thank the senator ?	no
The tourists and the lawyer called the secretaries .	Did the lawyer call the tourists ?	no
The athlete supported the senator and the presidents .	Did the senator support the presidents ?	no
The artists and the judges recommended the student .	Did the judges recommend the artists ?	no
The artist called the doctor and the senators .	Did the senators call the doctor ?	no
The scientists recognized the lawyers and the bankers .	Did the lawyers recognize the bankers ?	no
The managers thanked the secretary and the president .	Did the secretary thank the president ?	no
The lawyers admired the senator and the president .	Did the president admire the senator ?	no
The tourist supported the senators and the presidents .	Did the senators support the presidents ?	no
The scientist admired the artist and the lawyer .	Did the artist admire the lawyer ?	no
The scientist supported the president and the judge .	Did the judge support the president ?	no
The tourist admired the students and the scientists .	Did the scientists admire the students ?	no
The lawyers and the senators mentioned the secretaries .	Did the senators mention the lawyers ?	no
The actor and the doctors recommended the professor .	Did the actor recommend the doctors ?	no
The doctor called the scientist and the tourist .	Did the tourist call the scientist ?	no
The tourists and the judges stopped the doctors .	Did the tourists stop the judges ?	no
The judges and the tourists advised the professor .	Did the tourists advise the judges ?	no
The senators and the artist supported the student .	Did the senators support the artist ?	no
The author and the doctor recommended the judges .	Did the author recommend the doctor ?	no
The actors and the tourist recommended the doctor .	Did the tourist recommend the actors ?	no
The professor thanked the manager and the judges .	Did the manager thank the judges ?	no
The scientists and the tourists introduced the banker .	Did the tourists introduce the scientists ?	no
The lawyer thanked the professors and the judge .	Did the professors thank the judge ?	no
The artists and the senator helped the president .	Did the senator help the artists ?	no
The scientists saw the professors and the tourists .	Did the tourists see the professors ?	no
The scientist and the tourist stopped the doctors .	Did the scientist stop the tourist ?	no
The manager believed the actor and the tourist .	Did the actor believe the tourist ?	no
The athlete and the actors thanked the doctor .	Did the actors thank the athlete ?	no
The senators stopped the manager and the artists .	Did the manager stop the artists ?	no
The authors avoided the doctor and the judges .	Did the judges avoid the doctor ?	no
The secretaries contacted the students and the lawyer .	Did the lawyer contact the students ?	no
The tourist mentioned the artists and the bankers .	Did the artists mention the bankers ?	no
The artists recommended the tourists and the professors .	Did the tourists recommend the professors ?	no
The actors thanked the scientist and the manager .	Did the scientist thank the manager ?	no
The lawyer stopped the doctor and the president .	Did the president stop the doctor ?	no
The lawyer and the tourists recommended the student .	Did the lawyer recommend the tourists ?	no
The tourist and the manager avoided the actor .	Did the manager avoid the tourist ?	no
The manager believed the senators and the authors .	Did the authors believe the senators ?	no
The actor saw the senator and the scientists .	Did the senator see the scientists ?	no
The manager and the scientist thanked the artists .	Did the manager thank the scientist ?	no
The secretary helped the artists and the author .	Did the artists help the author ?	no
The judges advised the manager and the professor .	Did the professor advise the manager ?	no
The tourists and the authors supported the doctors .	Did the tourists support the authors ?	no
The banker and the lawyers mentioned the professors .	Did the lawyers mention the banker ?	no
The author and the judges recommended the senator .	Did the judges recommend the author ?	no
The bankers and the actor thanked the scientists .	Did the bankers thank the actor ?	no
The secretaries advised the judge and the managers .	Did the managers advise the judge ?	no
The manager and the professors encouraged the doctors .	Did the professors encourage the manager ?	no
The professor and the presidents encouraged the doctor .	Did the presidents encourage the professor ?	no
The senator avoided the president and the tourists .	Did the tourists avoid the president ?	no
The manager advised the president and the scientist .	Did the president advise the scientist ?	no
The bankers called the scientists and the president .	Did the scientists call the president ?	no
The athlete and the president avoided the tourist .	Did the president avoid the athlete ?	no
The judges introduced the secretary and the athlete .	Did the athlete introduce the secretary ?	no
The managers and the senators recommended the tourists .	Did the senators recommend the managers ?	no
The professor advised the student and the manager .	Did the student advise the manager ?	no
The artist contacted the secretary and the senator .	Did the senator contact the secretary ?	no
The senator and the banker saw the professor .	Did the banker see the senator ?	no
The scientist saw the actors and the secretaries .	Did the secretaries see the actors ?	no
The author and the artists supported the lawyer .	Did the artists support the author ?	no
The doctor and the scientists introduced the tourist .	Did the doctor introduce the scientists ?	no
The tourist and the senators advised the artists .	Did the senators advise the tourist ?	no
The tourist advised the athletes and the managers .	Did the managers advise the athletes ?	no
The athletes recognized the scientists and the judges .	Did the scientists recognize the judges ?	no
The author and the bankers helped the doctor .	Did the author help the bankers ?	no
The senator and the lawyer introduced the judge .	Did the lawyer introduce the senator ?	no
The secretaries and the artist introduced the professors .	Did the secretaries introduce the artist ?	no
The banker and the student thanked the artists .	Did the student thank the banker ?	no
The tourists contacted the manager and the student .	Did the manager contact the student ?	no
The banker introduced the doctors and the secretary .	Did the doctors introduce the secretary ?	no
The lawyers contacted the presidents and the athlete .	Did the presidents contact the athlete ?	no
The banker and the actors advised the senators .	Did the banker advise the actors ?	no
The authors and the actors avoided the tourist .	Did the authors avoid the actors ?	no
The managers and the tourist mentioned the authors .	Did the tourist mention the managers ?	no
The lawyers stopped the presidents and the secretaries .	Did the secretaries stop the presidents ?	no
The doctor contacted the tourists and the athlete .	Did the athlete contact the tourists ?	no
The doctor supported the lawyers and the author .	Did the lawyers support the author ?	no
The judges and the professors encouraged the athletes .	Did the professors encourage the judges ?	no
The bankers and the lawyer advised the artists .	Did the bankers advise the lawyer ?	no
The author supported the tourist and the secretaries .	Did the tourist support the secretaries ?	no
The doctors advised the manager and the presidents .	Did the presidents advise the manager ?	no
The tourist contacted the scientists and the artists .	Did the artists contact the scientists ?	no
The tourists encouraged the doctors and the managers .	Did the doctors encourage the managers ?	no
The secretaries and the tourist saw the lawyer .	Did the secretaries see the tourist ?	no
The senator encouraged the author and the secretary .	Did the secretary encourage the author ?	no
The doctors and the tourist stopped the author .	Did the doctors stop the tourist ?	no
The professor helped the artists and the secretary .	Did the secretary help the artists ?	no
The doctors admired the professor and the athlete .	Did the professor admire the athlete ?	no
The banker and the lawyer called the tourists .	Did the banker call the lawyer ?	no
The senator called the lawyer and the secretaries .	Did the lawyer call the secretaries ?	no
The authors supported the senator and the students .	Did the senator support the students ?	no
The secretary and the lawyers advised the professor .	Did the secretary advise the lawyers ?	no
The lawyers and the bankers thanked the professors .	Did the lawyers thank the bankers ?	no
The scientist mentioned the doctors and the lawyers .	Did the doctors mention the lawyers ?	no
The scientist and the senator contacted the presidents .	Did the senator contact the scientist ?	no
The lawyer and the tourist believed the artist .	Did the tourist believe the lawyer ?	no
The banker called the judges and the doctor .	Did the judges call the doctor ?	no
The scientists saw the doctors and the president .	Did the doctors see the president ?	no
The judge and the artists contacted the student .	Did the judge contact the artists ?	no
The author supported the senator and the professors .	Did the senator support the professors ?	no
The secretaries and the senator advised the scientists .	Did the secretaries advise the senator ?	no
The banker and the manager helped the lawyer .	Did the banker help the manager ?	no
The bankers and the senators mentioned the scientist .	Did the senators mention the bankers ?	no
The banker recognized the tourists and the author .	Did the tourists recognize the author ?	no
The author encouraged the artists and the actors .	Did the artists encourage the actors ?	no
The authors mentioned the managers and the doctor .	Did the doctor mention the managers ?	no
The scientist and the student called the athlete .	Did the student call the scientist ?	no
The secretaries and the judge helped the bankers .	Did the secretaries help the judge ?	no
The athlete and the manager advised the lawyer .	Did the manager advise the athlete ?	no
The student called the tourist and the presidents .	Did the presidents call the tourist ?	no
The senator advised the tourist and the scientist .	Did the scientist advise the tourist ?	no
The judges recommended the tourist that believed the authors .	Did the tourist believe the authors ?	yes
The tourist advised the artists who admired the secretaries .	Did the artists admire the secretaries ?	yes
The athlete called the manager that admired the judges .	Did the manager admire the judges ?	yes
The actors that the students contacted admired the lawyer .	Did the students contact the actors ?	yes
The judge admired the professor who the authors avoided .	Did the authors avoid the professor ?	yes
The secretary advised the managers who the actors introduced .	Did the actors introduce the managers ?	yes
The lawyer recommended the actors who the secretary believed .	Did the secretary believe the actors ?	yes
The banker who the athletes recognized thanked the authors .	Did the athletes recognize the banker ?	yes
The managers recognized the bankers that called the students .	Did the bankers call the students ?	yes
The artists that the senators encouraged saw the secretaries .	Did the senators encourage the artists ?	yes
The managers helped the lawyers that recommended the students .	Did the lawyers recommend the students ?	yes
The presidents admired the manager who mentioned the secretary .	Did the manager mention the secretary ?	yes
The students who the actor thanked contacted the lawyers .	Did the actor thank the students ?	yes
The actors who avoided the senators encouraged the professor .	Did the actors avoid the senators ?	yes
The students thanked the secretary that the manager introduced .	Did the manager introduce the secretary ?	yes
The president introduced the author that the athletes saw .	Did the athletes see the author ?	yes
The student who the lawyers helped believed the senators .	Did the lawyers help the student ?	yes
The secretaries who thanked the artist called the tourists .	Did the secretaries thank the artist ?	yes
The secretaries mentioned the president that the scientists recommended .	Did the scientists recommend the president ?	yes
The judge that the actors advised avoided the athletes .	Did the actors advise the judge ?	yes
The senator that mentioned the tourists saw the professor .	Did the senator mention the tourists ?	yes
The scientist who encouraged the presidents thanked the senators .	Did the scientist encourage the presidents ?	yes
The artists called the students who avoided the secretary .	Did the students avoid the secretary ?	yes
The actors that stopped the students recognized the doctors .	Did the actors stop the students ?	yes
The doctors that the tourists supported advised the secretary .	Did the tourists support the doctors ?	yes
The scientists who the judges called supported the managers .	Did the judges call the scientists ?	yes
The secretary that recommended the scientists thanked the authors .	Did the secretary recommend the scientists ?	yes
The banker advised the professors that recommended the manager .	Did the professors recommend the manager ?	yes
The banker that introduced the artists stopped the manager .	Did the banker introduce the artists ?	yes
The professors that contacted the students saw the author .	Did the professors contact the students ?	yes
The scientists avoided the tourist who the secretaries stopped .	Did the secretaries stop the tourist ?	yes
The lawyers who the president contacted encouraged the student .	Did the president contact the lawyers ?	yes
The actors recognized the managers that the secretaries saw .	Did the secretaries see the managers ?	yes
The judge that the athlete recognized encouraged the professors .	Did the athlete recognize the judge ?	yes
The senators who thanked the secretaries saw the actors .	Did the senators thank the secretaries ?	yes
The professor recommended the bankers that the president called .	Did the president call the bankers ?	yes
The authors stopped the athletes who introduced the scientists .	Did the athletes introduce the scientists ?	yes
The doctors contacted the athletes who believed the actors .	Did the athletes believe the actors ?	yes
The senator advised the professors that the artist introduced .	Did the artist introduce the professors ?	yes
The judge mentioned the bankers who introduced the secretary .	Did the bankers introduce the secretary ?	yes
The scientist that avoided the athletes called the professors .	Did the scientist avoid the athletes ?	yes
The lawyer avoided the manager that the athlete called .	Did the athlete call the manager ?	yes
The managers avoided the banker who the senator supported .	Did the senator support the banker ?	yes
The artist who the actor contacted mentioned the managers .	Did the actor contact the artist ?	yes
The athletes who recommended the artists avoided the managers .	Did the athletes recommend the artists ?	yes
The athlete who recognized the lawyer supported the students .	Did the athlete recognize the lawyer ?	yes
The athletes that recommended the lawyers recognized the judge .	Did the athletes recommend the lawyers ?	yes
The author who helped the president admired the judge .	Did the author help the president ?	yes
The student mentioned the doctor that recognized the secretary .	Did the doctor recognize the secretary ?	yes
The athletes supported the senator who advised the professors .	Did the senator advise the professors ?	yes
The actor saw the professors who supported the president .	Did the professors support the president ?	yes
The president supported the secretary who recognized the student .	Did the secretary recognize the student ?	yes
The presidents that the judge believed saw the senator .	Did the judge believe the presidents ?	yes
The doctor who thanked the author helped the secretaries .	Did the doctor thank the author ?	yes
The bankers that avoided the student encouraged the professor .	Did the bankers avoid the student ?	yes
The authors introduced the students that the artist admired .	Did the artist admire the students ?	yes
The student admired the president who contacted the tourist .	Did the president contact the tourist ?	yes
The artist avoided the athletes who mentioned the managers .	Did the athletes mention the managers ?	yes
The senator thanked the lawyer who the professors recommended .	Did the professors recommend the lawyer ?	yes
The scientists who recognized the secretaries called the actor .	Did the scientists recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The professor recognized the doctor that helped the author .	Did the doctor help the author ?	yes
The banker that the athletes avoided called the lawyer .	Did the athletes avoid the banker ?	yes
The artists stopped the presidents who avoided the senators .	Did the presidents avoid the senators ?	yes
The tourists who encouraged the athletes mentioned the senator .	Did the tourists encourage the athletes ?	yes
The president introduced the athletes who the professor helped .	Did the professor help the athletes ?	yes
The scientist saw the student that thanked the president .	Did the student thank the president ?	yes
The doctors saw the athletes who the student mentioned .	Did the student mention the athletes ?	yes
The actors that contacted the tourist called the banker .	Did the actors contact the tourist ?	yes
The secretaries helped the banker who called the authors .	Did the banker call the authors ?	yes
The tourist who stopped the bankers mentioned the professor .	Did the tourist stop the bankers ?	yes
The manager called the lawyer that mentioned the secretaries .	Did the lawyer mention the secretaries ?	yes
The author that supported the presidents admired the lawyer .	Did the author support the presidents ?	yes
The judge contacted the tourist that the secretary saw .	Did the secretary see the tourist ?	yes
The banker who the lawyer avoided thanked the author .	Did the lawyer avoid the banker ?	yes
The lawyers that the tourist saw believed the senators .	Did the tourist see the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyer that avoided the student supported the judges .	Did the lawyer avoid the student ?	yes
The bankers that thanked the tourist encouraged the artists .	Did the bankers thank the tourist ?	yes
The student that introduced the senator helped the bankers .	Did the student introduce the senator ?	yes
The athletes supported the doctors who the managers advised .	Did the managers advise the doctors ?	yes
The athlete that the presidents believed helped the authors .	Did the presidents believe the athlete ?	yes
The doctor supported the authors that introduced the president .	Did the authors introduce the president ?	yes
The president who avoided the bankers supported the senators .	Did the president avoid the bankers ?	yes
The managers who saw the lawyers introduced the secretary .	Did the managers see the lawyers ?	yes
The artist avoided the professors who the scientist encouraged .	Did the scientist encourage the professors ?	yes
The athlete who admired the secretaries helped the senator .	Did the athlete admire the secretaries ?	yes
The president who recommended the professor thanked the scientist .	Did the president recommend the professor ?	yes
The authors advised the banker that thanked the lawyers .	Did the banker thank the lawyers ?	yes
The scientists that the author encouraged helped the tourist .	Did the author encourage the scientists ?	yes
The artists who the bankers avoided supported the judges .	Did the bankers avoid the artists ?	yes
The bankers believed the author that encouraged the athletes .	Did the author encourage the athletes ?	yes
The scientist stopped the secretaries who the senator advised .	Did the senator advise the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyers who recognized the banker thanked the athlete .	Did the lawyers recognize the banker ?	yes
The tourists thanked the presidents that mentioned the scientists .	Did the presidents mention the scientists ?	yes
The senator who the athletes mentioned believed the artists .	Did the athletes mention the senator ?	yes
The athlete advised the banker that the lawyers contacted .	Did the lawyers contact the banker ?	yes
The doctor who the judges avoided introduced the managers .	Did the judges avoid the doctor ?	yes
The artist who the judge saw admired the student .	Did the judge see the artist ?	yes
The actors who introduced the president admired the tourist .	Did the actors introduce the president ?	yes
The athletes mentioned the judge who the student called .	Did the student call the judge ?	yes
The managers contacted the bankers that admired the judge .	Did the bankers admire the judge ?	yes
The doctors who introduced the manager called the athletes .	Did the doctors introduce the manager ?	yes
The secretaries thanked the actors who stopped the managers .	Did the actors stop the managers ?	yes
The athletes called the scientists that the presidents encouraged .	Did the presidents encourage the scientists ?	yes
The secretary who stopped the actors admired the presidents .	Did the secretary stop the actors ?	yes
The tourist avoided the artists that the senators thanked .	Did the senators thank the artists ?	yes
The tourist avoided the actor who the banker called .	Did the banker call the actor ?	yes
The authors that the banker mentioned believed the actor .	Did the banker mention the authors ?	yes
The judge supported the president who believed the lawyers .	Did the president believe the lawyers ?	yes
The professor who the senators saw contacted the tourists .	Did the senators see the professor ?	yes
The doctor that helped the bankers encouraged the presidents .	Did the doctor help the bankers ?	yes
The presidents that the students called recommended the athletes .	Did the students call the presidents ?	yes
The author admired the scientist that recommended the artist .	Did the scientist recommend the artist ?	yes
The author who stopped the actors advised the manager .	Did the author stop the actors ?	yes
The president that the professor contacted encouraged the actors .	Did the professor contact the president ?	yes
The tourist who the artist advised stopped the students .	Did the artist advise the tourist ?	yes
The president mentioned the scientist who contacted the judges .	Did the scientist contact the judges ?	yes
The secretaries called the banker who the lawyers admired .	Did the lawyers admire the banker ?	yes
The scientists who the banker believed helped the lawyers .	Did the banker believe the scientists ?	yes
The tourists encouraged the presidents that admired the doctor .	Did the presidents admire the doctor ?	yes
The banker that the artists recognized recommended the tourists .	Did the artists recognize the banker ?	yes
The judges admired the banker that the actors encouraged .	Did the actors encourage the banker ?	yes
The students avoided the lawyers that recommended the tourists .	Did the lawyers recommend the tourists ?	yes
The athletes recognized the artist that saw the secretaries .	Did the artist see the secretaries ?	yes
The author that the student supported encouraged the athletes .	Did the student support the author ?	yes
The artist that the tourist avoided stopped the managers .	Did the tourist avoid the artist ?	yes
The judge mentioned the lawyers who advised the author .	Did the lawyers advise the author ?	yes
The professors who the student introduced mentioned the athletes .	Did the student introduce the professors ?	yes
The presidents stopped the tourist who the professor recognized .	Did the professor recognize the tourist ?	yes
The doctors who the banker helped recommended the actors .	Did the banker help the doctors ?	yes
The president who helped the tourists mentioned the doctors .	Did the president help the tourists ?	yes
The professors stopped the lawyers that the senator contacted .	Did the senator contact the lawyers ?	yes
The author recognized the athlete that the tourists introduced .	Did the tourists introduce the athlete ?	yes
The tourist that saw the presidents helped the professors .	Did the tourist see the presidents ?	yes
The judge advised the professor that admired the lawyers .	Did the professor admire the lawyers ?	yes
The actors recommended the judges that the artists supported .	Did the artists support the judges ?	yes
The artist that saw the doctor recognized the lawyers .	Did the artist see the doctor ?	yes
The lawyers thanked the athletes that avoided the author .	Did the athletes avoid the author ?	yes
The president that the athlete called saw the banker .	Did the athlete call the president ?	yes
The bankers mentioned the professor that stopped the scientists .	Did the professor stop the scientists ?	yes
The secretary believed the professors that the actor stopped .	Did the actor stop the professors ?	yes
The professors who the doctor stopped believed the lawyers .	Did the doctor stop the professors ?	yes
The professors who the secretary recognized avoided the judges .	Did the secretary recognize the professors ?	yes
The doctors mentioned the senator who avoided the scientist .	Did the senator avoid the scientist ?	yes
The professors admired the bankers who the artist avoided .	Did the artist avoid the bankers ?	yes
The managers that the authors supported stopped the athletes .	Did the authors support the managers ?	yes
The presidents that the tourist admired contacted the doctor .	Did the tourist admire the presidents ?	yes
The lawyers believed the tourists who the president stopped .	Did the president stop the tourists ?	yes
The senators recommended the scientists who called the professor .	Did the scientists call the professor ?	yes
The lawyer that admired the bankers contacted the doctor .	Did the lawyer admire the bankers ?	yes
The student advised the scientists that recognized the tourists .	Did the scientists recognize the tourists ?	yes
The doctor that the scientist encouraged believed the lawyer .	Did the scientist encourage the doctor ?	yes
The athletes contacted the tourists who the actors introduced .	Did the actors introduce the tourists ?	yes
The senator that the actor stopped avoided the authors .	Did the actor stop the senator ?	yes
The athletes who avoided the secretary contacted the presidents .	Did the athletes avoid the secretary ?	yes
The professor supported the author who the athlete called .	Did the athlete call the author ?	yes
The authors introduced the lawyers that supported the secretary .	Did the lawyers support the secretary ?	yes
The athlete that saw the lawyers introduced the scientists .	Did the athlete see the lawyers ?	yes
The author who the lawyers helped thanked the doctor .	Did the lawyers help the author ?	yes
The athlete that believed the scientist encouraged the senators .	Did the athlete believe the scientist ?	yes
The bankers supported the artist that the students recommended .	Did the students recommend the artist ?	yes
The manager who the senator introduced helped the tourists .	Did the senator introduce the manager ?	yes
The actor introduced the students who believed the president .	Did the students believe the president ?	yes
The bankers that avoided the artists supported the doctor .	Did the bankers avoid the artists ?	yes
The banker supported the scientists who avoided the doctor .	Did the scientists avoid the doctor ?	yes
The judge stopped the artists who helped the president .	Did the artists help the president ?	yes
The judge that the authors supported advised the scientist .	Did the authors support the judge ?	yes
The professors who the presidents stopped believed the managers .	Did the presidents stop the professors ?	yes
The authors admired the judge who the artists recommended .	Did the artists recommend the judge ?	yes
The secretaries contacted the professor that advised the artist .	Did the professor advise the artist ?	yes
The presidents stopped the secretary who the senators advised .	Did the senators advise the secretary ?	yes
The secretaries who introduced the actors helped the president .	Did the secretaries introduce the actors ?	yes
The authors avoided the senator who recommended the secretaries .	Did the senator recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyers that mentioned the tourist recommended the actors .	Did the lawyers mention the tourist ?	yes
The author thanked the senators who the banker stopped .	Did the banker stop the senators ?	yes
The actor who the lawyers recommended helped the athlete .	Did the lawyers recommend the actor ?	yes
The tourists mentioned the students that the professor encouraged .	Did the professor encourage the students ?	yes
The doctors who encouraged the bankers introduced the professors .	Did the doctors encourage the bankers ?	yes
The athlete who the senators recognized admired the artist .	Did the senators recognize the athlete ?	yes
The judge mentioned the actor that introduced the student .	Did the actor introduce the student ?	yes
The scientist who the senator mentioned recognized the actors .	Did the senator mention the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer admired the managers that the judge avoided .	Did the judge avoid the managers ?	yes
The actor that the manager introduced saw the artist .	Did the manager introduce the actor ?	yes
The students that the tourist introduced thanked the artist .	Did the tourist introduce the students ?	yes
The scientists who believed the doctors encouraged the secretaries .	Did the scientists believe the doctors ?	yes
The athlete that contacted the tourists mentioned the actors .	Did the athlete contact the tourists ?	yes
The judges that the banker supported recommended the managers .	Did the banker support the judges ?	yes
The author that the lawyers recognized helped the students .	Did the lawyers recognize the author ?	yes
The lawyers that the professor recommended thanked the managers .	Did the professor recommend the lawyers ?	yes
The authors thanked the senators that the manager admired .	Did the manager admire the senators ?	yes
The secretaries that the artist saw stopped the lawyer .	Did the artist see the secretaries ?	yes
The actors supported the tourist who believed the lawyers .	Did the tourist believe the lawyers ?	yes
The doctor believed the actors that encouraged the author .	Did the actors encourage the author ?	yes
The authors that thanked the secretary recognized the senators .	Did the authors thank the secretary ?	yes
The tourists saw the artists who the lawyer admired .	Did the lawyer admire the artists ?	yes
The professor introduced the author that the athletes helped .	Did the athletes help the author ?	yes
The lawyers recognized the tourist that the manager supported .	Did the manager support the tourist ?	yes
The athlete advised the scientists that the actors recommended .	Did the actors recommend the scientists ?	yes
The actors mentioned the doctor who the judges supported .	Did the judges support the doctor ?	yes
The artist that the senators supported encouraged the scientist .	Did the senators support the artist ?	yes
The judge believed the tourists who the banker supported .	Did the banker support the tourists ?	yes
The doctor called the judges who supported the actor .	Did the judges support the actor ?	yes
The professors supported the bankers that introduced the presidents .	Did the bankers introduce the presidents ?	yes
The banker avoided the president that saw the professor .	Did the president see the professor ?	yes
The actors supported the scientists that mentioned the manager .	Did the scientists mention the manager ?	yes
The doctors helped the students that recognized the tourist .	Did the students recognize the tourist ?	yes
The managers who the senators contacted thanked the doctors .	Did the senators contact the managers ?	yes
The artists who the scientist encouraged believed the professors .	Did the scientist encourage the artists ?	yes
The managers that mentioned the president admired the professors .	Did the managers mention the president ?	yes
The lawyers saw the actor that the presidents thanked .	Did the presidents thank the actor ?	yes
The judges who the athletes helped supported the managers .	Did the athletes help the judges ?	yes
The banker who thanked the athletes mentioned the secretaries .	Did the banker thank the athletes ?	yes
The senator admired the judges that the doctor helped .	Did the doctor help the judges ?	yes
The athlete that believed the lawyers saw the tourist .	Did the athlete believe the lawyers ?	yes
The students saw the actors that the artist recommended .	Did the artist recommend the actors ?	yes
The secretaries that the student avoided contacted the senator .	Did the student avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The banker helped the president who introduced the athlete .	Did the president introduce the athlete ?	yes
The artists who the professors thanked recognized the actor .	Did the professors thank the artists ?	yes
The manager who the secretary called advised the judge .	Did the secretary call the manager ?	yes
The judges who recognized the athletes helped the scientists .	Did the judges recognize the athletes ?	yes
The artist who the doctors encouraged admired the banker .	Did the doctors encourage the artist ?	yes
The secretary who the managers admired believed the actor .	Did the managers admire the secretary ?	yes
The scientist that admired the author recommended the artists .	Did the scientist admire the author ?	yes
The secretaries who the manager supported thanked the doctor .	Did the manager support the secretaries ?	yes
The president admired the author that the scientist helped .	Did the scientist help the author ?	yes
The student advised the doctors that the tourists supported .	Did the tourists support the doctors ?	yes
The judge helped the lawyers who recommended the managers .	Did the lawyers recommend the managers ?	yes
The president that the athlete avoided contacted the secretary .	Did the athlete avoid the president ?	yes
The authors who contacted the lawyers thanked the banker .	Did the authors contact the lawyers ?	yes
The manager contacted the professor who mentioned the tourist .	Did the professor mention the tourist ?	yes
The doctors who the actor admired supported the judges .	Did the actor admire the doctors ?	yes
The presidents encouraged the manager that introduced the doctors .	Did the manager introduce the doctors ?	yes
The senator who the artist saw stopped the tourist .	Did the artist see the senator ?	yes
The students that contacted the tourist supported the senators .	Did the students contact the tourist ?	yes
The student thanked the tourists that avoided the professor .	Did the tourists avoid the professor ?	yes
The doctor contacted the tourist who the students saw .	Did the students see the tourist ?	yes
The judge that the student believed saw the author .	Did the student believe the judge ?	yes
The tourists encouraged the presidents that the professors stopped .	Did the professors stop the presidents ?	yes
The manager recommended the author who thanked the artist .	Did the author thank the artist ?	yes
The student who the authors believed called the secretary .	Did the authors believe the student ?	yes
The students who called the scientist mentioned the lawyers .	Did the students call the scientist ?	yes
The president called the athlete that stopped the managers .	Did the athlete stop the managers ?	yes
The managers that called the students avoided the artists .	Did the managers call the students ?	yes
The manager who helped the lawyer recommended the professor .	Did the manager help the lawyer ?	yes
The actors who the manager admired helped the judges .	Did the manager admire the actors ?	yes
The lawyers who saw the manager stopped the doctors .	Did the lawyers see the manager ?	yes
The student saw the president that recommended the professors .	Did the president recommend the professors ?	yes
The student mentioned the judges that introduced the athletes .	Did the judges introduce the athletes ?	yes
The scientists helped the banker who the artist advised .	Did the artist advise the banker ?	yes
The secretary who encouraged the actor avoided the author .	Did the secretary encourage the actor ?	yes
The lawyer that the presidents believed admired the students .	Did the presidents believe the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyer who advised the manager mentioned the senators .	Did the lawyer advise the manager ?	yes
The scientists advised the professor that the student admired .	Did the student admire the professor ?	yes
The senator helped the lawyer that encouraged the authors .	Did the lawyer encourage the authors ?	yes
The managers contacted the senator that recognized the bankers .	Did the senator recognize the bankers ?	yes
The managers believed the authors who mentioned the athlete .	Did the authors mention the athlete ?	yes
The professors that called the students recognized the doctor .	Did the professors call the students ?	yes
The author supported the professors who saw the lawyer .	Did the professors see the lawyer ?	yes
The presidents who the lawyers encouraged avoided the senators .	Did the lawyers encourage the presidents ?	yes
The athletes that supported the judges called the presidents .	Did the athletes support the judges ?	yes
The artist that mentioned the doctor advised the judge .	Did the artist mention the doctor ?	yes
The secretary that called the scientist admired the artist .	Did the secretary call the scientist ?	yes
The athletes contacted the doctor that the scientist called .	Did the scientist call the doctor ?	yes
The athlete helped the tourists that contacted the author .	Did the tourists contact the author ?	yes
The students mentioned the author that advised the manager .	Did the author advise the manager ?	yes
The banker contacted the author who stopped the athlete .	Did the author stop the athlete ?	yes
The banker introduced the managers that contacted the lawyer .	Did the managers contact the lawyer ?	yes
The doctor helped the athletes that introduced the manager .	Did the athletes introduce the manager ?	yes
The professors that the managers avoided believed the tourist .	Did the managers avoid the professors ?	yes
The president avoided the senator who the artist helped .	Did the artist help the senator ?	yes
The actor stopped the scientist that the doctor called .	Did the doctor call the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer stopped the managers who the student saw .	Did the student see the managers ?	yes
The secretary who the banker avoided recognized the senator .	Did the banker avoid the secretary ?	yes
The artists recognized the actors who the president recommended .	Did the president recommend the actors ?	yes
The president that the judges admired mentioned the bankers .	Did the judges admire the president ?	yes
The banker that the lawyers contacted introduced the senator .	Did the lawyers contact the banker ?	yes
The scientist saw the student that the tourists supported .	Did the tourists support the student ?	yes
The authors believed the tourist who the students recognized .	Did the students recognize the tourist ?	yes
The secretaries who recognized the judges advised the doctors .	Did the secretaries recognize the judges ?	yes
The artist that believed the doctor supported the bankers .	Did the artist believe the doctor ?	yes
The senator that the doctors recommended encouraged the banker .	Did the doctors recommend the senator ?	yes
The authors who stopped the artist encouraged the lawyer .	Did the authors stop the artist ?	yes
The judges recognized the author who admired the president .	Did the author admire the president ?	yes
The banker recommended the president that the professor contacted .	Did the professor contact the president ?	yes
The authors that the actor avoided introduced the student .	Did the actor avoid the authors ?	yes
The students who introduced the tourists avoided the lawyers .	Did the students introduce the tourists ?	yes
The bankers contacted the senator who encouraged the lawyer .	Did the senator encourage the lawyer ?	yes
The actor that recognized the professors admired the scientist .	Did the actor recognize the professors ?	yes
The actors who the author recognized mentioned the secretary .	Did the author recognize the actors ?	yes
The judges admired the secretary who the banker encouraged .	Did the banker encourage the secretary ?	yes
The professors that the students admired advised the tourists .	Did the students admire the professors ?	yes
The president that encouraged the managers thanked the artists .	Did the president encourage the managers ?	yes
The actors who believed the senator recognized the managers .	Did the actors believe the senator ?	yes
The bankers that the athletes introduced called the scientist .	Did the athletes introduce the bankers ?	yes
The author thanked the lawyer that saw the artist .	Did the lawyer see the artist ?	yes
The actor that mentioned the scientist supported the manager .	Did the actor mention the scientist ?	yes
The lawyers that the managers recognized thanked the artist .	Did the managers recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The doctor thanked the author who called the president .	Did the author call the president ?	yes
The tourist that mentioned the secretaries recommended the judge .	Did the tourist mention the secretaries ?	yes
The athlete who the professors called believed the banker .	Did the professors call the athlete ?	yes
The authors admired the managers who the scientists saw .	Did the scientists see the managers ?	yes
The artists thanked the scientists that the bankers called .	Did the bankers call the scientists ?	yes
The actors contacted the artists that the senator admired .	Did the senator admire the artists ?	yes
The professor who called the judges thanked the tourists .	Did the professor call the judges ?	yes
The actors believed the artist who recognized the judge .	Did the artist recognize the judge ?	yes
The artist called the doctor who admired the managers .	Did the doctor admire the managers ?	yes
The scientist saw the authors who recommended the secretary .	Did the authors recommend the secretary ?	yes
The authors contacted the doctor who the bankers helped .	Did the bankers help the doctor ?	yes
The doctors introduced the professor who advised the authors .	Did the professor advise the authors ?	yes
The banker that the tourist recommended stopped the artist .	Did the tourist recommend the banker ?	yes
The author who the artists thanked supported the scientist .	Did the artists thank the author ?	yes
The managers thanked the banker who the professors recognized .	Did the professors recognize the banker ?	yes
The professor encouraged the secretaries who the actor advised .	Did the actor advise the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyer that the professor introduced thanked the manager .	Did the professor introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The student recognized the actor that supported the bankers .	Did the actor support the bankers ?	yes
The doctors that the students contacted supported the scientists .	Did the students contact the doctors ?	yes
The secretary recommended the artist who helped the doctor .	Did the artist help the doctor ?	yes
The bankers thanked the doctor that recognized the senator .	Did the doctor recognize the senator ?	yes
The bankers encouraged the tourists that the actors stopped .	Did the actors stop the tourists ?	yes
The actor introduced the athlete who the artist recognized .	Did the artist recognize the athlete ?	yes
The judges helped the president that contacted the athlete .	Did the president contact the athlete ?	yes
The tourists recognized the author that the students encouraged .	Did the students encourage the author ?	yes
The artists saw the presidents who the professor believed .	Did the professor believe the presidents ?	yes
The professor stopped the judges that the artist mentioned .	Did the artist mention the judges ?	yes
The students stopped the judge who the actors recommended .	Did the actors recommend the judge ?	yes
The lawyer who avoided the senators encouraged the managers .	Did the lawyer avoid the senators ?	yes
The president advised the doctors that contacted the senator .	Did the doctors contact the senator ?	yes
The secretaries that the authors introduced helped the president .	Did the authors introduce the secretaries ?	yes
The senators who recognized the president thanked the manager .	Did the senators recognize the president ?	yes
The professors avoided the authors who the secretaries introduced .	Did the secretaries introduce the authors ?	yes
The actor that encouraged the lawyer believed the professor .	Did the actor encourage the lawyer ?	yes
The artist who the president avoided helped the secretaries .	Did the president avoid the artist ?	yes
The students who the lawyer encouraged called the actors .	Did the lawyer encourage the students ?	yes
The secretaries supported the lawyers who the tourist recommended .	Did the tourist recommend the lawyers ?	yes
The students that the senator contacted called the manager .	Did the senator contact the students ?	yes
The artist called the professors that stopped the lawyer .	Did the professors stop the lawyer ?	yes
The doctors who the scientists encouraged contacted the bankers .	Did the scientists encourage the doctors ?	yes
The secretary thanked the authors that the student stopped .	Did the student stop the authors ?	yes
The president helped the artists that the judges recognized .	Did the judges recognize the artists ?	yes
The judge who the author mentioned admired the bankers .	Did the author mention the judge ?	yes
The author who the doctor helped contacted the president .	Did the doctor help the author ?	yes
The managers that believed the doctor supported the presidents .	Did the managers believe the doctor ?	yes
The tourists that contacted the student helped the lawyer .	Did the tourists contact the student ?	yes
The tourists who mentioned the professor helped the lawyer .	Did the tourists mention the professor ?	yes
The professor that admired the secretaries saw the artist .	Did the professor admire the secretaries ?	yes
The professor that the lawyer helped called the managers .	Did the lawyer help the professor ?	yes
The professor avoided the judges that the artist introduced .	Did the artist introduce the judges ?	yes
The senators that called the manager avoided the doctor .	Did the senators call the manager ?	yes
The artists believed the students who the professors called .	Did the professors call the students ?	yes
The athlete saw the student that the tourist admired .	Did the tourist admire the student ?	yes
The secretaries called the presidents who the scientist encouraged .	Did the scientist encourage the presidents ?	yes
The actor who the presidents stopped believed the athletes .	Did the presidents stop the actor ?	yes
The doctors advised the professor who encouraged the artist .	Did the professor encourage the artist ?	yes
The student saw the scientists that contacted the athletes .	Did the scientists contact the athletes ?	yes
The secretary avoided the artists who the managers believed .	Did the managers believe the artists ?	yes
The presidents who the artist believed recognized the lawyers .	Did the artist believe the presidents ?	yes
The doctor believed the manager who saw the tourist .	Did the manager see the tourist ?	yes
The president who thanked the artist recommended the athlete .	Did the president thank the artist ?	yes
The judge that helped the actors recommended the managers .	Did the judge help the actors ?	yes
The president encouraged the judge that the athletes avoided .	Did the athletes avoid the judge ?	yes
The tourist supported the authors that believed the secretary .	Did the authors believe the secretary ?	yes
The artists stopped the professors that believed the author .	Did the professors believe the author ?	yes
The student that recognized the bankers believed the athlete .	Did the student recognize the bankers ?	yes
The artists that encouraged the author advised the secretaries .	Did the artists encourage the author ?	yes
The artist mentioned the author who the banker contacted .	Did the banker contact the author ?	yes
The actors recommended the tourists who recognized the author .	Did the tourists recognize the author ?	yes
The tourists who the doctor recommended contacted the artist .	Did the doctor recommend the tourists ?	yes
The student introduced the judges who helped the president .	Did the judges help the president ?	yes
The professors that admired the artist avoided the president .	Did the professors admire the artist ?	yes
The secretary that supported the president recommended the scientists .	Did the secretary support the president ?	yes
The senators encouraged the manager who recognized the secretary .	Did the manager recognize the secretary ?	yes
The artists supported the actors who stopped the professors .	Did the actors stop the professors ?	yes
The professors that introduced the actors mentioned the tourist .	Did the professors introduce the actors ?	yes
The bankers recognized the manager who thanked the secretaries .	Did the manager thank the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyer who called the students stopped the actor .	Did the lawyer call the students ?	yes
The scientists that the judges thanked believed the lawyer .	Did the judges thank the scientists ?	yes
The athlete thanked the authors who stopped the tourists .	Did the authors stop the tourists ?	yes
The scientists saw the tourists that the professor recommended .	Did the professor recommend the tourists ?	yes
The athletes that the professors avoided called the artist .	Did the professors avoid the athletes ?	yes
The bankers stopped the professor that the senator believed .	Did the senator believe the professor ?	yes
The tourists introduced the author who the scientists contacted .	Did the scientists contact the author ?	yes
The student that supported the presidents helped the lawyer .	Did the student support the presidents ?	yes
The actors introduced the lawyers that recognized the tourists .	Did the lawyers recognize the tourists ?	yes
The athletes who the actors admired believed the author .	Did the actors admire the athletes ?	yes
The athletes saw the student that avoided the banker .	Did the student avoid the banker ?	yes
The professor that the author saw recognized the president .	Did the author see the professor ?	yes
The lawyers who the president avoided advised the bankers .	Did the president avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The actor who admired the senator mentioned the tourist .	Did the actor admire the senator ?	yes
The judge that mentioned the manager recommended the tourist .	Did the judge mention the manager ?	yes
The judge advised the students that thanked the actors .	Did the students thank the actors ?	yes
The manager encouraged the lawyer who recognized the secretary .	Did the lawyer recognize the secretary ?	yes
The lawyer recognized the banker who supported the authors .	Did the banker support the authors ?	yes
The managers advised the professors that the tourist contacted .	Did the tourist contact the professors ?	yes
The actor who the author admired recommended the professor .	Did the author admire the actor ?	yes
The president supported the artist who the scientists encouraged .	Did the scientists encourage the artist ?	yes
The artists that the senator mentioned recognized the judge .	Did the senator mention the artists ?	yes
The secretaries that stopped the lawyers advised the manager .	Did the secretaries stop the lawyers ?	yes
The judges called the president who admired the tourist .	Did the president admire the tourist ?	yes
The authors that the actors recognized stopped the professors .	Did the actors recognize the authors ?	yes
The professor that the presidents thanked believed the judges .	Did the presidents thank the professor ?	yes
The professor who the athlete introduced stopped the tourists .	Did the athlete introduce the professor ?	yes
The student thanked the bankers who the artist admired .	Did the artist admire the bankers ?	yes
The scientist recommended the tourists that stopped the lawyers .	Did the tourists stop the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyer advised the scientist that contacted the manager .	Did the scientist contact the manager ?	yes
The manager saw the tourist who believed the authors .	Did the tourist believe the authors ?	yes
The judges encouraged the athletes who the actor introduced .	Did the actor introduce the athletes ?	yes
The professor that the secretary advised encouraged the scientist .	Did the secretary advise the professor ?	yes
The bankers supported the lawyers who saw the president .	Did the lawyers see the president ?	yes
The tourists that the artist saw recommended the actor .	Did the artist see the tourists ?	yes
The actors that the scientists advised admired the authors .	Did the scientists advise the actors ?	yes
The judge advised the bankers who stopped the professors .	Did the bankers stop the professors ?	yes
The artists believed the tourist who the presidents introduced .	Did the presidents introduce the tourist ?	yes
The student who supported the artists helped the senators .	Did the student support the artists ?	yes
The tourists who thanked the presidents recommended the manager .	Did the tourists thank the presidents ?	yes
The bankers contacted the student who recommended the athlete .	Did the student recommend the athlete ?	yes
The author who the lawyers called contacted the senator .	Did the lawyers call the author ?	yes
The presidents who the students encouraged thanked the doctors .	Did the students encourage the presidents ?	yes
The authors that called the professor believed the secretary .	Did the authors call the professor ?	yes
The athletes who the lawyer contacted thanked the author .	Did the lawyer contact the athletes ?	yes
The president that the student recommended helped the lawyers .	Did the student recommend the president ?	yes
The tourists that encouraged the scientists saw the authors .	Did the tourists encourage the scientists ?	yes
The senators that the author saw helped the tourists .	Did the author see the senators ?	yes
The managers that encouraged the doctors recognized the banker .	Did the managers encourage the doctors ?	yes
The secretaries saw the athletes who the students helped .	Did the students help the athletes ?	yes
The judge called the manager that admired the doctor .	Did the manager admire the doctor ?	yes
The senators called the manager who the tourist thanked .	Did the tourist thank the manager ?	yes
The presidents called the managers that the tourist introduced .	Did the tourist introduce the managers ?	yes
The professors advised the author that the lawyer encouraged .	Did the lawyer encourage the author ?	yes
The artist introduced the scientists who the president stopped .	Did the president stop the scientists ?	yes
The lawyers advised the student that recommended the doctors .	Did the student recommend the doctors ?	yes
The authors who the secretaries advised admired the managers .	Did the secretaries advise the authors ?	yes
The banker that encouraged the secretary saw the tourists .	Did the banker encourage the secretary ?	yes
The secretaries supported the scientists who the professor advised .	Did the professor advise the scientists ?	yes
The managers that thanked the scientist recognized the athletes .	Did the managers thank the scientist ?	yes
The senators who thanked the authors helped the student .	Did the senators thank the authors ?	yes
The presidents admired the artists who thanked the students .	Did the artists thank the students ?	yes
The secretaries that the student admired encouraged the president .	Did the student admire the secretaries ?	yes
The athletes who the tourists believed recognized the professor .	Did the tourists believe the athletes ?	yes
The athletes that avoided the students introduced the doctor .	Did the athletes avoid the students ?	yes
The artists recommended the secretaries who avoided the scientists .	Did the secretaries avoid the scientists ?	yes
The senator called the athlete who the president supported .	Did the president support the athlete ?	yes
The authors believed the tourists that avoided the lawyers .	Did the tourists avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The professor that avoided the scientist saw the actor .	Did the professor avoid the scientist ?	yes
The presidents that the athlete avoided saw the senator .	Did the athlete avoid the presidents ?	yes
The actors saw the artist who encouraged the athlete .	Did the artist encourage the athlete ?	yes
The bankers believed the tourist that stopped the manager .	Did the tourist stop the manager ?	yes
The doctors that helped the president stopped the lawyers .	Did the doctors help the president ?	yes
The athletes who helped the artists admired the actors .	Did the athletes help the artists ?	yes
The student who the professors stopped recognized the president .	Did the professors stop the student ?	yes
The senators that mentioned the actors admired the doctor .	Did the senators mention the actors ?	yes
The athlete stopped the senator who the students contacted .	Did the students contact the senator ?	yes
The senators contacted the athletes who admired the lawyer .	Did the athletes admire the lawyer ?	yes
The artist that the athlete admired supported the manager .	Did the athlete admire the artist ?	yes
The tourist that supported the students saw the banker .	Did the tourist support the students ?	yes
The artist recognized the actors that the author admired .	Did the author admire the actors ?	yes
The professors that admired the artist mentioned the actor .	Did the professors admire the artist ?	yes
The actors stopped the manager that the lawyers believed .	Did the lawyers believe the manager ?	yes
The judge that the professor supported helped the senators .	Did the professor support the judge ?	yes
The students recognized the judges that admired the athlete .	Did the judges admire the athlete ?	yes
The bankers encouraged the artists that the author supported .	Did the author support the artists ?	yes
The judge believed the lawyers that introduced the doctors .	Did the lawyers introduce the doctors ?	yes
The professors saw the students who mentioned the actors .	Did the students mention the actors ?	yes
The secretary helped the doctors who the scientists stopped .	Did the scientists stop the doctors ?	yes
The tourists contacted the actors who the judge called .	Did the judge call the actors ?	yes
The athlete that the scientist encouraged introduced the lawyers .	Did the scientist encourage the athlete ?	yes
The athletes introduced the banker that the scientists supported .	Did the scientists support the banker ?	yes
The presidents who the professor admired believed the scientist .	Did the professor admire the presidents ?	yes
The doctor that the actors believed admired the lawyer .	Did the actors believe the doctor ?	yes
The athlete who saw the professors recognized the manager .	Did the athlete see the professors ?	yes
The senator who the athletes avoided believed the student .	Did the athletes avoid the senator ?	yes
The senators who saw the professor avoided the athlete .	Did the senators see the professor ?	yes
The doctor who the senator helped recommended the students .	Did the senator help the doctor ?	yes
The manager called the senators that thanked the judge .	Did the senators thank the judge ?	yes
The author that the athlete believed called the doctors .	Did the athlete believe the author ?	yes
The students helped the scientists who the author supported .	Did the author support the scientists ?	yes
The authors that the presidents avoided believed the judge .	Did the presidents avoid the authors ?	yes
The scientist that recognized the senators called the managers .	Did the scientist recognize the senators ?	yes
The doctor contacted the professor who encouraged the judges .	Did the professor encourage the judges ?	yes
The tourists called the actors who recommended the athletes .	Did the actors recommend the athletes ?	yes
The athletes who the manager avoided thanked the senator .	Did the manager avoid the athletes ?	yes
The secretaries thanked the students that the doctors helped .	Did the doctors help the students ?	yes
The lawyer who the presidents believed thanked the actors .	Did the presidents believe the lawyer ?	yes
The artist thanked the actors that the presidents contacted .	Did the presidents contact the actors ?	yes
The scientists helped the judge that encouraged the presidents .	Did the judge encourage the presidents ?	yes
The professors saw the doctor that recommended the student .	Did the doctor recommend the student ?	yes
The doctor contacted the athlete that mentioned the managers .	Did the athlete mention the managers ?	yes
The presidents that the scientists admired mentioned the judges .	Did the scientists admire the presidents ?	yes
The managers who helped the artist contacted the tourists .	Did the managers help the artist ?	yes
The managers saw the lawyers that the president called .	Did the president call the lawyers ?	yes
The athletes that recommended the actor helped the students .	Did the athletes recommend the actor ?	yes
The secretaries that advised the scientist recommended the judge .	Did the secretaries advise the scientist ?	yes
The authors who the scientist avoided recommended the banker .	Did the scientist avoid the authors ?	yes
The scientists recommended the manager that introduced the lawyer .	Did the manager introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The senators admired the secretaries who the scientists introduced .	Did the scientists introduce the secretaries ?	yes
The tourists that the athletes stopped believed the artist .	Did the athletes stop the tourists ?	yes
The lawyers that advised the tourist helped the doctor .	Did the lawyers advise the tourist ?	yes
The students believed the president who avoided the actor .	Did the president avoid the actor ?	yes
The manager advised the judges that recognized the senators .	Did the judges recognize the senators ?	yes
The athletes who the secretary stopped thanked the author .	Did the secretary stop the athletes ?	yes
The professors called the bankers that supported the artist .	Did the bankers support the artist ?	yes
The president thanked the senator that recognized the author .	Did the senator recognize the author ?	yes
The professors who the presidents encouraged helped the scientists .	Did the presidents encourage the professors ?	yes
The judges mentioned the artists who thanked the presidents .	Did the artists thank the presidents ?	yes
The student who the athlete helped believed the artist .	Did the athlete help the student ?	yes
The athletes called the scientists that the doctors encouraged .	Did the doctors encourage the scientists ?	yes
The secretaries contacted the tourist that admired the president .	Did the tourist admire the president ?	yes
The actors who the tourists advised recommended the judges .	Did the tourists advise the actors ?	yes
The actors called the bankers that thanked the secretary .	Did the bankers thank the secretary ?	yes
The senator who helped the lawyer thanked the tourist .	Did the senator help the lawyer ?	yes
The doctors who introduced the athlete recognized the student .	Did the doctors introduce the athlete ?	yes
The actor that the lawyer advised contacted the secretaries .	Did the lawyer advise the actor ?	yes
The secretaries who the professor avoided contacted the bankers .	Did the professor avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The athletes who the judge saw recognized the professor .	Did the judge see the athletes ?	yes
The senator who encouraged the students recognized the judge .	Did the senator encourage the students ?	yes
The doctor believed the actors that the authors thanked .	Did the authors thank the actors ?	yes
The actors that the lawyer avoided recognized the authors .	Did the lawyer avoid the actors ?	yes
The doctor that the banker supported introduced the scientists .	Did the banker support the doctor ?	yes
The banker introduced the authors that encouraged the managers .	Did the authors encourage the managers ?	yes
The actor thanked the professors who admired the author .	Did the professors admire the author ?	yes
The judge who the banker supported mentioned the artist .	Did the banker support the judge ?	yes
The authors that believed the athlete thanked the bankers .	Did the authors believe the athlete ?	yes
The lawyers encouraged the author who the managers avoided .	Did the managers avoid the author ?	yes
The secretaries recommended the athlete who contacted the actor .	Did the athlete contact the actor ?	yes
The presidents that believed the tourists admired the professor .	Did the presidents believe the tourists ?	yes
The lawyers recognized the doctors that the professors admired .	Did the professors admire the doctors ?	yes
The managers helped the student that the secretary avoided .	Did the secretary avoid the student ?	yes
The presidents who the author thanked advised the scientist .	Did the author thank the presidents ?	yes
The scientists advised the students that the banker contacted .	Did the banker contact the students ?	yes
The senator that the secretary advised called the managers .	Did the secretary advise the senator ?	yes
The presidents recognized the banker that encouraged the tourists .	Did the banker encourage the tourists ?	yes
The doctors that supported the athletes mentioned the secretaries .	Did the doctors support the athletes ?	yes
The presidents stopped the tourist who believed the actors .	Did the tourist believe the actors ?	yes
The bankers who the presidents saw contacted the artists .	Did the presidents see the bankers ?	yes
The actors avoided the senators that the president believed .	Did the president believe the senators ?	yes
The president recommended the tourists who the athletes called .	Did the athletes call the tourists ?	yes
The presidents mentioned the judges who the actors called .	Did the actors call the judges ?	yes
The secretary that recognized the scientist helped the professor .	Did the secretary recognize the scientist ?	yes
The doctor stopped the actor that encouraged the artist .	Did the actor encourage the artist ?	yes
The bankers who thanked the athlete admired the secretaries .	Did the bankers thank the athlete ?	yes
The senators that the president recommended admired the athletes .	Did the president recommend the senators ?	yes
The tourists who the banker mentioned stopped the scientists .	Did the banker mention the tourists ?	yes
The professors that called the authors thanked the manager .	Did the professors call the authors ?	yes
The student that thanked the banker supported the professor .	Did the student thank the banker ?	yes
The presidents who believed the manager called the actor .	Did the presidents believe the manager ?	yes
The authors admired the president that the banker recognized .	Did the banker recognize the president ?	yes
The artists stopped the senator that the managers thanked .	Did the managers thank the senator ?	yes
The tourists thanked the secretary who the authors advised .	Did the authors advise the secretary ?	yes
The judges advised the president that recommended the managers .	Did the president recommend the managers ?	yes
The managers introduced the banker that the actor mentioned .	Did the actor mention the banker ?	yes
The senators supported the judge who contacted the tourist .	Did the judge contact the tourist ?	yes
The artists helped the athlete who the manager encouraged .	Did the manager encourage the athlete ?	yes
The senators believed the artist who the judges thanked .	Did the judges thank the artist ?	yes
The lawyer who the doctors called advised the professors .	Did the doctors call the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyers who introduced the tourists stopped the professors .	Did the lawyers introduce the tourists ?	yes
The presidents encouraged the actors who the judge called .	Did the judge call the actors ?	yes
The banker introduced the manager who helped the secretaries .	Did the manager help the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyers contacted the president who thanked the author .	Did the president thank the author ?	yes
The artist helped the student who thanked the secretaries .	Did the student thank the secretaries ?	yes
The scientists that believed the actor encouraged the manager .	Did the scientists believe the actor ?	yes
The tourists admired the athlete that the author called .	Did the author call the athlete ?	yes
The tourists who introduced the banker recommended the president .	Did the tourists introduce the banker ?	yes
The senator stopped the actor who the scientist admired .	Did the scientist admire the actor ?	yes
The doctor who the authors stopped mentioned the artist .	Did the authors stop the doctor ?	yes
The secretary who the manager recommended mentioned the athlete .	Did the manager recommend the secretary ?	yes
The tourist who thanked the athlete advised the actor .	Did the tourist thank the athlete ?	yes
The judges that avoided the senators recommended the bankers .	Did the judges avoid the senators ?	yes
The senators admired the doctor who helped the tourist .	Did the doctor help the tourist ?	yes
The presidents who the students contacted admired the secretaries .	Did the students contact the presidents ?	yes
The artist who introduced the student avoided the secretary .	Did the artist introduce the student ?	yes
The athletes that contacted the authors avoided the scientist .	Did the athletes contact the authors ?	yes
The scientists who the presidents stopped thanked the judge .	Did the presidents stop the scientists ?	yes
The students stopped the bankers who the manager recognized .	Did the manager recognize the bankers ?	yes
The tourist who introduced the bankers encouraged the presidents .	Did the tourist introduce the bankers ?	yes
The scientists who advised the doctors mentioned the tourist .	Did the scientists advise the doctors ?	yes
The judges helped the president that saw the doctors .	Did the president see the doctors ?	yes
The tourist who the banker contacted called the lawyers .	Did the banker contact the tourist ?	yes
The manager that stopped the artist believed the president .	Did the manager stop the artist ?	yes
The manager avoided the senator that the tourist believed .	Did the tourist believe the senator ?	yes
The judge recommended the bankers that the tourist avoided .	Did the tourist avoid the bankers ?	yes
The tourists that helped the senator recognized the scientists .	Did the tourists help the senator ?	yes
The judge introduced the secretary that the athletes recognized .	Did the athletes recognize the secretary ?	yes
The secretary who supported the senator recognized the scientist .	Did the secretary support the senator ?	yes
The artists who the banker called believed the secretary .	Did the banker call the artists ?	yes
The student that encouraged the judges thanked the authors .	Did the student encourage the judges ?	yes
The scientists introduced the professor who the secretaries called .	Did the secretaries call the professor ?	yes
The artist recommended the senators that the president stopped .	Did the president stop the senators ?	yes
The managers advised the authors that the secretary called .	Did the secretary call the authors ?	yes
The manager thanked the athletes who encouraged the tourists .	Did the athletes encourage the tourists ?	yes
The presidents avoided the artists who stopped the banker .	Did the artists stop the banker ?	yes
The secretaries recommended the artist who avoided the author .	Did the artist avoid the author ?	yes
The scientist advised the professors that introduced the students .	Did the professors introduce the students ?	yes
The author contacted the judges who recognized the presidents .	Did the judges recognize the presidents ?	yes
The authors introduced the secretary that mentioned the banker .	Did the secretary mention the banker ?	yes
The author that introduced the doctor mentioned the students .	Did the author introduce the doctor ?	yes
The actor that the artist believed avoided the lawyers .	Did the artist believe the actor ?	yes
The author believed the manager who the tourists helped .	Did the tourists help the manager ?	yes
The manager believed the senators that the students contacted .	Did the students contact the senators ?	yes
The scientist recommended the secretary who the bankers thanked .	Did the bankers thank the secretary ?	yes
The president that the artists recognized contacted the senators .	Did the artists recognize the president ?	yes
The doctor that the lawyer avoided admired the bankers .	Did the lawyer avoid the doctor ?	yes
The actors that saw the senator admired the athlete .	Did the actors see the senator ?	yes
The tourists who the student recommended recognized the scientist .	Did the student recommend the tourists ?	yes
The scientist who the senator admired helped the professor .	Did the senator admire the scientist ?	yes
The artists who the presidents introduced believed the tourist .	Did the presidents introduce the artists ?	yes
The senator contacted the tourists that thanked the banker .	Did the tourists thank the banker ?	yes
The athlete encouraged the lawyers who admired the professor .	Did the lawyers admire the professor ?	yes
The lawyer called the banker that supported the artists .	Did the banker support the artists ?	yes
The actor thanked the athlete that the managers recognized .	Did the managers recognize the athlete ?	yes
The secretary introduced the scientists that thanked the athlete .	Did the scientists thank the athlete ?	yes
The presidents contacted the author that the managers stopped .	Did the managers stop the author ?	yes
The tourists who the senator thanked stopped the president .	Did the senator thank the tourists ?	yes
The scientists contacted the author who the presidents called .	Did the presidents call the author ?	yes
The actor who the professor thanked helped the tourists .	Did the professor thank the actor ?	yes
The artist mentioned the students that recognized the scientists .	Did the students recognize the scientists ?	yes
The lawyer thanked the authors who the professors advised .	Did the professors advise the authors ?	yes
The professors admired the actor that thanked the tourists .	Did the actor thank the tourists ?	yes
The students recommended the author that the doctors introduced .	Did the doctors introduce the author ?	yes
The bankers who called the students believed the secretaries .	Did the bankers call the students ?	yes
The lawyers recommended the artist who mentioned the bankers .	Did the artist mention the bankers ?	yes
The scientist who mentioned the author avoided the athlete .	Did the scientist mention the author ?	yes
The professors called the judges who the artists recommended .	Did the artists recommend the judges ?	yes
The lawyer that the actor thanked mentioned the authors .	Did the actor thank the lawyer ?	yes
The tourists helped the judge that admired the professor .	Did the judge admire the professor ?	yes
The secretaries recommended the professors that the author mentioned .	Did the author mention the professors ?	yes
The tourist that the actors recommended admired the scientists .	Did the actors recommend the tourist ?	yes
The scientists thanked the lawyer that helped the judges .	Did the lawyer help the judges ?	yes
The senators recognized the judges that admired the athletes .	Did the judges admire the athletes ?	yes
The manager that saw the students helped the tourist .	Did the manager see the students ?	yes
The senators called the president who advised the secretaries .	Did the president advise the secretaries ?	yes
The managers that mentioned the bankers helped the scientists .	Did the managers mention the bankers ?	yes
The senators who the presidents admired stopped the artists .	Did the presidents admire the senators ?	yes
The actors who thanked the professors encouraged the scientists .	Did the actors thank the professors ?	yes
The lawyer admired the professors who recognized the scientist .	Did the professors recognize the scientist ?	yes
The students admired the presidents who introduced the bankers .	Did the presidents introduce the bankers ?	yes
The bankers that mentioned the lawyers recognized the artists .	Did the bankers mention the lawyers ?	yes
The authors that the athlete called believed the secretary .	Did the athlete call the authors ?	yes
The judges believed the senator that recognized the doctors .	Did the senator recognize the doctors ?	yes
The presidents called the doctor that admired the lawyer .	Did the doctor admire the lawyer ?	yes
The actors encouraged the senators who advised the scientist .	Did the senators advise the scientist ?	yes
The artist who the banker advised helped the doctors .	Did the banker advise the artist ?	yes
The scientist contacted the tourists that stopped the senators .	Did the tourists stop the senators ?	yes
The artists who the secretary advised encouraged the authors .	Did the secretary advise the artists ?	yes
The secretaries that stopped the doctors recommended the professor .	Did the secretaries stop the doctors ?	yes
The artist that the presidents recommended avoided the banker .	Did the presidents recommend the artist ?	yes
The scientists recommended the banker who the senators helped .	Did the senators help the banker ?	yes
The judge thanked the tourist that saw the scientist .	Did the tourist see the scientist ?	yes
The president believed the tourist that the judges stopped .	Did the judges stop the tourist ?	yes
The professor thanked the doctors that the scientist avoided .	Did the scientist avoid the doctors ?	yes
The banker believed the presidents that the tourist saw .	Did the tourist see the presidents ?	yes
The professor contacted the students who the authors recommended .	Did the authors recommend the students ?	yes
The tourists supported the lawyer who the doctors advised .	Did the doctors advise the lawyer ?	yes
The president saw the senator who the tourist supported .	Did the tourist support the senator ?	yes
The artist recommended the student that thanked the authors .	Did the student thank the authors ?	yes
The students contacted the secretary that thanked the senators .	Did the secretary thank the senators ?	yes
The actors who the professor believed advised the banker .	Did the professor believe the actors ?	yes
The artist who the banker stopped advised the scientists .	Did the banker stop the artist ?	yes
The banker that called the professors supported the secretary .	Did the banker call the professors ?	yes
The professors recognized the authors that introduced the senator .	Did the authors introduce the senator ?	yes
The lawyers who the judge encouraged called the manager .	Did the judge encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyers encouraged the scientists who the actors mentioned .	Did the actors mention the scientists ?	yes
The professor who the banker stopped saw the student .	Did the banker stop the professor ?	yes
The president who the senator believed encouraged the banker .	Did the senator believe the president ?	yes
The tourists thanked the judge who recognized the senators .	Did the judge recognize the senators ?	yes
The professor supported the secretaries who stopped the authors .	Did the secretaries stop the authors ?	yes
The judges advised the president who helped the professor .	Did the president help the professor ?	yes
The students supported the senator that the bankers contacted .	Did the bankers contact the senator ?	yes
The artist who encouraged the athlete mentioned the professor .	Did the artist encourage the athlete ?	yes
The secretary saw the professor that avoided the artist .	Did the professor avoid the artist ?	yes
The student who mentioned the bankers stopped the artist .	Did the student mention the bankers ?	yes
The presidents who the judges recommended called the artists .	Did the judges recommend the presidents ?	yes
The senators called the authors who the president supported .	Did the president support the authors ?	yes
The actors that the tourist advised believed the lawyer .	Did the tourist advise the actors ?	yes
The manager stopped the author that recommended the judge .	Did the author recommend the judge ?	yes
The doctors who encouraged the professors thanked the students .	Did the doctors encourage the professors ?	yes
The secretaries mentioned the athletes who helped the senators .	Did the athletes help the senators ?	yes
The senator recommended the athlete that introduced the bankers .	Did the athlete introduce the bankers ?	yes
The secretaries who contacted the lawyer recognized the doctors .	Did the secretaries contact the lawyer ?	yes
The senators that the artist avoided admired the doctors .	Did the artist avoid the senators ?	yes
The presidents thanked the doctor who contacted the tourists .	Did the doctor contact the tourists ?	yes
The president advised the judges who the artists contacted .	Did the artists contact the judges ?	yes
The manager believed the athletes that the doctor admired .	Did the doctor admire the athletes ?	yes
The secretary that the lawyers contacted called the manager .	Did the lawyers contact the secretary ?	yes
The authors who the doctor called stopped the secretaries .	Did the doctor call the authors ?	yes
The judge who the doctors supported mentioned the professors .	Did the doctors support the judge ?	yes
The artists that called the doctors recommended the professor .	Did the artists call the doctors ?	yes
The banker supported the athletes that the senators admired .	Did the senators admire the athletes ?	yes
The scientists called the bankers who saw the doctors .	Did the bankers see the doctors ?	yes
The doctors stopped the student who recognized the artist .	Did the student recognize the artist ?	yes
The judge recognized the bankers that the professor introduced .	Did the professor introduce the bankers ?	yes
The student who advised the judge believed the tourist .	Did the student advise the judge ?	yes
The presidents who the judge contacted saw the scientists .	Did the judge contact the presidents ?	yes
The secretary that called the professors avoided the lawyers .	Did the secretary call the professors ?	yes
The authors stopped the judge who the actors believed .	Did the actors believe the judge ?	yes
The senator who the artist thanked recognized the secretaries .	Did the artist thank the senator ?	yes
The president that advised the artist stopped the doctor .	Did the president advise the artist ?	yes
The tourists recommended the scientist that the actor admired .	Did the actor admire the scientist ?	yes
The president introduced the athletes who the managers recommended .	Did the managers recommend the athletes ?	yes
The professor thanked the tourist who the secretary introduced .	Did the secretary introduce the tourist ?	yes
The author believed the doctor who the lawyer stopped .	Did the lawyer stop the doctor ?	yes
The judges who called the lawyer contacted the managers .	Did the judges call the lawyer ?	yes
The artist who the professor admired introduced the tourist .	Did the professor admire the artist ?	yes
The artist stopped the author who the senators recognized .	Did the senators recognize the author ?	yes
The secretary introduced the bankers that recommended the managers .	Did the bankers recommend the managers ?	yes
The managers that the banker avoided recommended the author .	Did the banker avoid the managers ?	yes
The athlete who the scientist contacted thanked the secretary .	Did the scientist contact the athlete ?	yes
The presidents who the senators recognized called the artists .	Did the senators recognize the presidents ?	yes
The banker who helped the actor stopped the secretaries .	Did the banker help the actor ?	yes
The actors that the athletes encouraged saw the tourist .	Did the athletes encourage the actors ?	yes
The actors that the scientist mentioned admired the athletes .	Did the scientist mention the actors ?	yes
The actor encouraged the artists that the professor believed .	Did the professor believe the artists ?	yes
The athlete that the judges mentioned admired the actors .	Did the judges mention the athlete ?	yes
The tourists who the doctors called recommended the judge .	Did the doctors call the tourists ?	yes
The professor that the lawyer helped recognized the scientist .	Did the lawyer help the professor ?	yes
The doctor who the athletes saw encouraged the manager .	Did the athletes see the doctor ?	yes
The doctor that the lawyer supported believed the scientist .	Did the lawyer support the doctor ?	yes
The senator admired the managers who thanked the authors .	Did the managers thank the authors ?	yes
The doctor believed the managers who the senators helped .	Did the senators help the managers ?	yes
The students who introduced the professor believed the manager .	Did the students introduce the professor ?	yes
The artist who thanked the judges encouraged the student .	Did the artist thank the judges ?	yes
The judge who the athletes helped encouraged the bankers .	Did the athletes help the judge ?	yes
The doctor saw the presidents that stopped the artists .	Did the presidents stop the artists ?	yes
The tourists recognized the athletes that the lawyer stopped .	Did the lawyer stop the athletes ?	yes
The judge admired the professors who contacted the banker .	Did the professors contact the banker ?	yes
The tourists mentioned the actor who the secretary avoided .	Did the secretary avoid the actor ?	yes
The secretary admired the actor that believed the tourists .	Did the actor believe the tourists ?	yes
The authors that the banker advised believed the senators .	Did the banker advise the authors ?	yes
The judge who admired the senator recommended the artists .	Did the judge admire the senator ?	yes
The artist that the students introduced advised the athletes .	Did the students introduce the artist ?	yes
The tourists mentioned the doctor that the artists thanked .	Did the artists thank the doctor ?	yes
The doctor avoided the judge who advised the scientist .	Did the judge advise the scientist ?	yes
The student introduced the athletes who the actor admired .	Did the actor admire the athletes ?	yes
The senators who the secretaries recommended recognized the president .	Did the secretaries recommend the senators ?	yes
The scientists who the judges saw avoided the artists .	Did the judges see the scientists ?	yes
The senator who recommended the president contacted the students .	Did the senator recommend the president ?	yes
The lawyer who advised the actors encouraged the senators .	Did the lawyer advise the actors ?	yes
The bankers mentioned the artist that introduced the lawyer .	Did the artist introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyers that called the actor stopped the senators .	Did the lawyers call the actor ?	yes
The presidents who the manager avoided saw the doctors .	Did the manager avoid the presidents ?	yes
The secretary that the manager called stopped the student .	Did the manager call the secretary ?	yes
The artist contacted the professor that the judge encouraged .	Did the judge encourage the professor ?	yes
The president thanked the judge who supported the author .	Did the judge support the author ?	yes
The senator who the doctor stopped contacted the actor .	Did the doctor stop the senator ?	yes
The tourist contacted the president that advised the scientists .	Did the president advise the scientists ?	yes
The students that encouraged the president helped the artists .	Did the students encourage the president ?	yes
The senators called the banker who saw the doctor .	Did the banker see the doctor ?	yes
The actor believed the doctors that the tourists admired .	Did the tourists admire the doctors ?	yes
The scientist who the student introduced encouraged the judges .	Did the student introduce the scientist ?	yes
The students advised the authors who stopped the doctors .	Did the authors stop the doctors ?	yes
The author that the bankers advised recognized the secretaries .	Did the bankers advise the author ?	yes
The tourists who the professors admired mentioned the banker .	Did the professors admire the tourists ?	yes
The president advised the professor who the tourists encouraged .	Did the tourists encourage the professor ?	yes
The athletes encouraged the secretary who helped the bankers .	Did the secretary help the bankers ?	yes
The president advised the secretary that recommended the lawyers .	Did the secretary recommend the lawyers ?	yes
The presidents who the scientists supported introduced the students .	Did the scientists support the presidents ?	yes
The judge contacted the student who the artist helped .	Did the artist help the student ?	yes
The actors thanked the student that saw the professors .	Did the student see the professors ?	yes
The student called the actor that saw the judge .	Did the actor see the judge ?	yes
The doctor believed the students that recognized the artists .	Did the students recognize the artists ?	yes
The athletes that the student recommended avoided the authors .	Did the student recommend the athletes ?	yes
The judge that the athlete believed mentioned the professors .	Did the athlete believe the judge ?	yes
The secretary admired the tourists who the artists avoided .	Did the artists avoid the tourists ?	yes
The tourist who recognized the students mentioned the judge .	Did the tourist recognize the students ?	yes
The artists avoided the tourists that the doctors saw .	Did the doctors see the tourists ?	yes
The secretaries that the student contacted avoided the manager .	Did the student contact the secretaries ?	yes
The authors believed the senator who the judge mentioned .	Did the judge mention the senator ?	yes
The secretaries who called the professor encouraged the president .	Did the secretaries call the professor ?	yes
The lawyers saw the judge who the professors encouraged .	Did the professors encourage the judge ?	yes
The secretary thanked the athletes who the professor contacted .	Did the professor contact the athletes ?	yes
The students who mentioned the tourist thanked the actors .	Did the students mention the tourist ?	yes
The doctors that the students introduced helped the scientists .	Did the students introduce the doctors ?	yes
The professor thanked the bankers that the artist introduced .	Did the artist introduce the bankers ?	yes
The senators supported the professor that stopped the presidents .	Did the professor stop the presidents ?	yes
The professor thanked the bankers that recommended the actor .	Did the bankers recommend the actor ?	yes
The manager that the author introduced helped the actors .	Did the author introduce the manager ?	yes
The tourist that mentioned the senator stopped the professor .	Did the tourist mention the senator ?	yes
The tourists recognized the artist that the authors stopped .	Did the authors stop the artist ?	yes
The lawyer recognized the senators who contacted the judge .	Did the senators contact the judge ?	yes
The judges who introduced the students avoided the secretary .	Did the judges introduce the students ?	yes
The author recognized the athlete that the senators mentioned .	Did the senators mention the athlete ?	yes
The athlete that advised the judge recognized the senators .	Did the athlete advise the judge ?	yes
The president who the secretary admired mentioned the senator .	Did the secretary admire the president ?	yes
The authors that admired the actor recommended the athletes .	Did the authors admire the actor ?	yes
The bankers thanked the senators who contacted the student .	Did the senators contact the student ?	yes
The tourists who called the authors recognized the athlete .	Did the tourists call the authors ?	yes
The scientists encouraged the judge who supported the students .	Did the judge support the students ?	yes
The scientists advised the doctor who the tourist helped .	Did the tourist help the doctor ?	yes
The manager advised the senator that the bankers mentioned .	Did the bankers mention the senator ?	yes
The manager recognized the secretary who the judges helped .	Did the judges help the secretary ?	yes
The doctor that the artists believed recognized the secretaries .	Did the artists believe the doctor ?	yes
The students believed the bankers who the senators encouraged .	Did the senators encourage the bankers ?	yes
The actors recommended the artist who mentioned the judge .	Did the artist mention the judge ?	yes
The artists who the secretary supported avoided the tourists .	Did the secretary support the artists ?	yes
The student that encouraged the judge saw the presidents .	Did the student encourage the judge ?	yes
The doctor recommended the scientists that thanked the actors .	Did the scientists thank the actors ?	yes
The tourists that the secretaries stopped introduced the author .	Did the secretaries stop the tourists ?	yes
The authors that the scientists thanked encouraged the banker .	Did the scientists thank the authors ?	yes
The tourist admired the actors that the managers introduced .	Did the managers introduce the actors ?	yes
The doctor that believed the secretaries thanked the lawyer .	Did the doctor believe the secretaries ?	yes
The tourist who the judges called avoided the scientist .	Did the judges call the tourist ?	yes
The athletes that contacted the tourist called the senator .	Did the athletes contact the tourist ?	yes
The lawyers who the actor called recommended the judges .	Did the actor call the lawyers ?	yes
The scientist contacted the professor who believed the athletes .	Did the professor believe the athletes ?	yes
The banker that mentioned the lawyers avoided the senators .	Did the banker mention the lawyers ?	yes
The president that the tourists called recognized the actor .	Did the tourists call the president ?	yes
The managers that the student introduced recognized the lawyers .	Did the student introduce the managers ?	yes
The secretary that thanked the students recommended the scientist .	Did the secretary thank the students ?	yes
The actor that admired the artist called the student .	Did the actor admire the artist ?	yes
The bankers helped the doctors who mentioned the manager .	Did the doctors mention the manager ?	yes
The students recommended the professors that the secretary contacted .	Did the secretary contact the professors ?	yes
The professors helped the tourists who the president contacted .	Did the president contact the tourists ?	yes
The athlete who contacted the artists introduced the student .	Did the athlete contact the artists ?	yes
The scientists mentioned the senator that the lawyers saw .	Did the lawyers see the senator ?	yes
The authors that helped the judge advised the artist .	Did the authors help the judge ?	yes
The judges admired the author that advised the manager .	Did the author advise the manager ?	yes
The managers who believed the authors helped the doctors .	Did the managers believe the authors ?	yes
The presidents that the secretaries called mentioned the athletes .	Did the secretaries call the presidents ?	yes
The doctor who contacted the presidents recognized the senators .	Did the doctor contact the presidents ?	yes
The bankers believed the lawyers that contacted the authors .	Did the lawyers contact the authors ?	yes
The banker recognized the scientists that the doctors recommended .	Did the doctors recommend the scientists ?	yes
The senators called the lawyers who admired the athletes .	Did the lawyers admire the athletes ?	yes
The managers saw the artist that the athletes admired .	Did the athletes admire the artist ?	yes
The senators who encouraged the artists admired the actors .	Did the senators encourage the artists ?	yes
The authors stopped the student that advised the athlete .	Did the student advise the athlete ?	yes
The students recommended the presidents that the managers encouraged .	Did the managers encourage the presidents ?	yes
The students that the tourists called stopped the scientist .	Did the tourists call the students ?	yes
The president advised the artists who the actors admired .	Did the actors admire the artists ?	yes
The senators that the manager advised believed the actors .	Did the manager advise the senators ?	yes
The artists helped the actors who the president thanked .	Did the president thank the actors ?	yes
The doctors who the artist helped introduced the student .	Did the artist help the doctors ?	yes
The tourist advised the senator that the author contacted .	Did the author contact the senator ?	yes
The secretaries advised the actor that recognized the judge .	Did the actor recognize the judge ?	yes
The athletes that called the student saw the doctor .	Did the athletes call the student ?	yes
The president advised the senators that the authors stopped .	Did the authors stop the senators ?	yes
The author believed the artist who recommended the actors .	Did the artist recommend the actors ?	yes
The scientist that the professors mentioned encouraged the secretaries .	Did the professors mention the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer called the tourist who the doctor encouraged .	Did the doctor encourage the tourist ?	yes
The actors encouraged the secretary that avoided the presidents .	Did the secretary avoid the presidents ?	yes
The artists helped the author that the managers stopped .	Did the managers stop the author ?	yes
The banker that saw the scientist advised the lawyers .	Did the banker see the scientist ?	yes
The actors introduced the tourists who helped the secretary .	Did the tourists help the secretary ?	yes
The managers saw the presidents who the athletes introduced .	Did the athletes introduce the presidents ?	yes
The students avoided the secretaries who the athletes saw .	Did the athletes see the secretaries ?	yes
The professors who introduced the author admired the lawyer .	Did the professors introduce the author ?	yes
The senators mentioned the presidents that called the judge .	Did the presidents call the judge ?	yes
The judge thanked the scientist who the professors advised .	Did the professors advise the scientist ?	yes
The authors who the actors recognized introduced the lawyers .	Did the actors recognize the authors ?	yes
The authors who believed the judges saw the manager .	Did the authors believe the judges ?	yes
The lawyers who recognized the athlete supported the doctor .	Did the lawyers recognize the athlete ?	yes
The lawyer called the judges that the doctors avoided .	Did the doctors avoid the judges ?	yes
The president who admired the artist advised the lawyer .	Did the president admire the artist ?	yes
The manager believed the professors who the students supported .	Did the students support the professors ?	yes
The secretaries contacted the tourists who the artists avoided .	Did the artists avoid the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer avoided the authors that introduced the professor .	Did the authors introduce the professor ?	yes
The lawyers that helped the professors recommended the managers .	Did the lawyers help the professors ?	yes
The professor encouraged the tourist who introduced the doctor .	Did the tourist introduce the doctor ?	yes
The manager called the actor who believed the bankers .	Did the actor believe the bankers ?	yes
The judges that mentioned the banker contacted the manager .	Did the judges mention the banker ?	yes
The author supported the lawyers that recommended the athletes .	Did the lawyers recommend the athletes ?	yes
The professors that advised the student supported the senator .	Did the professors advise the student ?	yes
The actors called the secretaries that helped the artist .	Did the secretaries help the artist ?	yes
The professors who the manager encouraged mentioned the students .	Did the manager encourage the professors ?	yes
The scientists who the managers believed stopped the lawyer .	Did the managers believe the scientists ?	yes
The scientists that supported the artists advised the secretaries .	Did the scientists support the artists ?	yes
The secretaries believed the scientist who the senator mentioned .	Did the senator mention the scientist ?	yes
The lawyers who saw the author encouraged the tourists .	Did the lawyers see the author ?	yes
The banker saw the tourist who encouraged the artists .	Did the tourist encourage the artists ?	yes
The athlete believed the secretaries that the managers contacted .	Did the managers contact the secretaries ?	yes
The senator admired the managers who the president supported .	Did the president support the managers ?	yes
The presidents believed the managers who recommended the professor .	Did the managers recommend the professor ?	yes
The senator saw the tourists who called the authors .	Did the tourists call the authors ?	yes
The judges supported the tourists who the bankers believed .	Did the bankers believe the tourists ?	yes
The students that introduced the secretaries recognized the judges .	Did the students introduce the secretaries ?	yes
The student that recognized the judge admired the scientist .	Did the student recognize the judge ?	yes
The actors that advised the president admired the managers .	Did the actors advise the president ?	yes
The doctors advised the manager who the author saw .	Did the author see the manager ?	yes
The senators who the actors supported mentioned the lawyer .	Did the actors support the senators ?	yes
The doctor stopped the professor that mentioned the senator .	Did the professor mention the senator ?	yes
The bankers admired the athlete who the actor recognized .	Did the actor recognize the athlete ?	yes
The artists encouraged the professor that advised the manager .	Did the professor advise the manager ?	yes
The managers introduced the senators that the judge advised .	Did the judge advise the senators ?	yes
The authors that the senator supported encouraged the athlete .	Did the senator support the authors ?	yes
The tourists that admired the scientists believed the athlete .	Did the tourists admire the scientists ?	yes
The secretaries that the managers believed recognized the scientists .	Did the managers believe the secretaries ?	yes
The author who supported the presidents avoided the professor .	Did the author support the presidents ?	yes
The scientists that the banker supported admired the artist .	Did the banker support the scientists ?	yes
The secretary that the presidents contacted recognized the judges .	Did the presidents contact the secretary ?	yes
The bankers supported the author that avoided the professors .	Did the author avoid the professors ?	yes
The lawyers admired the doctor who the athlete avoided .	Did the athlete avoid the doctor ?	yes
The president who advised the senator recommended the tourists .	Did the president advise the senator ?	yes
The manager that recommended the athletes stopped the scientist .	Did the manager recommend the athletes ?	yes
The doctors stopped the scientists that believed the athletes .	Did the scientists believe the athletes ?	yes
The scientists called the actors that the artists stopped .	Did the artists stop the actors ?	yes
The students stopped the lawyers that the professor thanked .	Did the professor thank the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyer admired the scientist that the banker mentioned .	Did the banker mention the scientist ?	yes
The artists who mentioned the professor admired the tourist .	Did the artists mention the professor ?	yes
The author that the professor encouraged mentioned the students .	Did the professor encourage the author ?	yes
The professors that advised the tourists called the president .	Did the professors advise the tourists ?	yes
The scientists introduced the bankers that believed the judges .	Did the bankers believe the judges ?	yes
The judge recommended the president who the lawyer contacted .	Did the lawyer contact the president ?	yes
The professors that the banker avoided contacted the lawyers .	Did the banker avoid the professors ?	yes
The senator encouraged the tourists who stopped the students .	Did the tourists stop the students ?	yes
The athletes that recommended the bankers called the lawyers .	Did the athletes recommend the bankers ?	yes
The president believed the authors that recommended the athletes .	Did the authors recommend the athletes ?	yes
The authors admired the professors that the judges mentioned .	Did the judges mention the professors ?	yes
The managers that the banker recognized stopped the actor .	Did the banker recognize the managers ?	yes
The author that the managers avoided recommended the presidents .	Did the managers avoid the author ?	yes
The president who the actor supported advised the lawyer .	Did the actor support the president ?	yes
The secretaries called the president who the author helped .	Did the author help the president ?	yes
The professor recommended the secretary who avoided the actor .	Did the secretary avoid the actor ?	yes
The secretaries who the senators called thanked the authors .	Did the senators call the secretaries ?	yes
The professor who the actors advised thanked the tourist .	Did the actors advise the professor ?	yes
The manager who the doctor advised recognized the artist .	Did the doctor advise the manager ?	yes
The students that the managers avoided advised the doctor .	Did the managers avoid the students ?	yes
The athletes who the scientist saw helped the presidents .	Did the scientist see the athletes ?	yes
The judge that supported the senator saw the authors .	Did the judge support the senator ?	yes
The lawyers helped the doctors that the scientists mentioned .	Did the scientists mention the doctors ?	yes
The students encouraged the authors who the professor called .	Did the professor call the authors ?	yes
The senators that the artist recognized avoided the judges .	Did the artist recognize the senators ?	yes
The banker admired the secretary who supported the doctor .	Did the secretary support the doctor ?	yes
The doctors recommended the student who supported the secretaries .	Did the student support the secretaries ?	yes
The secretaries recognized the judges who the authors helped .	Did the authors help the judges ?	yes
The tourist who the senator encouraged advised the professors .	Did the senator encourage the tourist ?	yes
The professors who called the manager mentioned the doctor .	Did the professors call the manager ?	yes
The professor avoided the actor that the managers helped .	Did the managers help the actor ?	yes
The senator who the actors admired encouraged the professor .	Did the actors admire the senator ?	yes
The secretary that contacted the president recognized the senator .	Did the secretary contact the president ?	yes
The doctors who recommended the tourist contacted the artists .	Did the doctors recommend the tourist ?	yes
The scientist called the athlete who the lawyer introduced .	Did the lawyer introduce the athlete ?	yes
The banker believed the authors that the president contacted .	Did the president contact the authors ?	yes
The bankers helped the secretaries that the professors recognized .	Did the professors recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The banker introduced the lawyer that the doctors supported .	Did the doctors support the lawyer ?	yes
The athlete encouraged the doctors who the actor supported .	Did the actor support the doctors ?	yes
The doctors recommended the bankers who encouraged the artist .	Did the bankers encourage the artist ?	yes
The tourists helped the students who the president thanked .	Did the president thank the students ?	yes
The banker who the students recognized recommended the professors .	Did the students recognize the banker ?	yes
The professors who the authors stopped advised the judges .	Did the authors stop the professors ?	yes
The bankers thanked the lawyer who the actor called .	Did the actor call the lawyer ?	yes
The athlete saw the artists who the manager mentioned .	Did the manager mention the artists ?	yes
The artists mentioned the actors who called the senator .	Did the actors call the senator ?	yes
The professor who the artist advised thanked the student .	Did the artist advise the professor ?	yes
The senators that stopped the student recommended the doctor .	Did the senators stop the student ?	yes
The author supported the judge that believed the actor .	Did the judge believe the actor ?	yes
The actors that the scientist introduced recommended the presidents .	Did the scientist introduce the actors ?	yes
The actors that admired the presidents believed the bankers .	Did the actors admire the presidents ?	yes
The actor stopped the president that encouraged the secretaries .	Did the president encourage the secretaries ?	yes
The professors who the president recommended stopped the senator .	Did the president recommend the professors ?	yes
The doctors helped the scientists that the artist encouraged .	Did the artist encourage the scientists ?	yes
The managers who the lawyers believed recognized the scientist .	Did the lawyers believe the managers ?	yes
The managers that avoided the judges encouraged the scientists .	Did the managers avoid the judges ?	yes
The tourist who the banker mentioned encouraged the artists .	Did the banker mention the tourist ?	yes
The lawyers who the doctors thanked admired the manager .	Did the doctors thank the lawyers ?	yes
The scientist who the artists recognized helped the professors .	Did the artists recognize the scientist ?	yes
The scientist that the manager recommended believed the senators .	Did the manager recommend the scientist ?	yes
The author mentioned the actor that the senator introduced .	Did the senator introduce the actor ?	yes
The artists admired the secretary that the actors mentioned .	Did the actors mention the secretary ?	yes
The banker that saw the professor thanked the senators .	Did the banker see the professor ?	yes
The doctors contacted the tourists who the senators recognized .	Did the senators recognize the tourists ?	yes
The artist called the judge that the manager advised .	Did the manager advise the judge ?	yes
The senator who mentioned the actor recommended the doctor .	Did the senator mention the actor ?	yes
The students who the lawyer helped thanked the president .	Did the lawyer help the students ?	yes
The professors that the artist helped contacted the doctors .	Did the artist help the professors ?	yes
The students that the manager helped recommended the judge .	Did the manager help the students ?	yes
The students admired the secretary that the manager supported .	Did the manager support the secretary ?	yes
The managers that the scientists saw supported the presidents .	Did the scientists see the managers ?	yes
The doctor advised the athletes that the secretaries introduced .	Did the secretaries introduce the athletes ?	yes
The doctors recognized the secretaries who encouraged the athlete .	Did the secretaries encourage the athlete ?	yes
The professors believed the students who the athlete encouraged .	Did the athlete encourage the students ?	yes
The senators encouraged the scientist that supported the author .	Did the scientist support the author ?	yes
The doctor who the tourist avoided advised the banker .	Did the tourist avoid the doctor ?	yes
The artist who admired the athlete recommended the doctors .	Did the artist admire the athlete ?	yes
The bankers who admired the tourist recommended the secretaries .	Did the bankers admire the tourist ?	yes
The doctor avoided the authors who saw the scientists .	Did the authors see the scientists ?	yes
The professor avoided the senators who contacted the scientist .	Did the senators contact the scientist ?	yes
The secretary avoided the tourist that contacted the lawyers .	Did the tourist contact the lawyers ?	yes
The students thanked the authors that the actor recognized .	Did the actor recognize the authors ?	yes
The secretary supported the managers that stopped the professors .	Did the managers stop the professors ?	yes
The professors recommended the author who supported the student .	Did the author support the student ?	yes
The senators who the professor admired encouraged the actors .	Did the professor admire the senators ?	yes
The professors advised the senator who the athletes admired .	Did the athletes admire the senator ?	yes
The artist called the doctors that the actors stopped .	Did the actors stop the doctors ?	yes
The scientists that advised the tourists avoided the senators .	Did the scientists advise the tourists ?	yes
The senators mentioned the actors who recommended the scientists .	Did the actors recommend the scientists ?	yes
The presidents that the scientist avoided supported the senator .	Did the scientist avoid the presidents ?	yes
The doctors called the actor that the lawyers contacted .	Did the lawyers contact the actor ?	yes
The author recommended the student that helped the scientist .	Did the student help the scientist ?	yes
The senator that the artist introduced supported the secretary .	Did the artist introduce the senator ?	yes
The lawyers thanked the judges that saw the presidents .	Did the judges see the presidents ?	yes
The athletes who called the lawyers admired the secretary .	Did the athletes call the lawyers ?	yes
The artists who the actor helped recommended the lawyer .	Did the actor help the artists ?	yes
The judge that the author called mentioned the actor .	Did the author call the judge ?	yes
The senators introduced the author who contacted the students .	Did the author contact the students ?	yes
The senator that contacted the bankers believed the actor .	Did the senator contact the bankers ?	yes
The doctors that advised the lawyers thanked the tourists .	Did the doctors advise the lawyers ?	yes
The athletes who called the tourist avoided the managers .	Did the athletes call the tourist ?	yes
The artist believed the scientists that encouraged the professor .	Did the scientists encourage the professor ?	yes
The senator who admired the manager encouraged the secretary .	Did the senator admire the manager ?	yes
The professor contacted the artists who advised the athletes .	Did the artists advise the athletes ?	yes
The scientists helped the author who the lawyers saw .	Did the lawyers see the author ?	yes
The artists introduced the presidents who the authors recognized .	Did the authors recognize the presidents ?	yes
The actor recognized the lawyer who contacted the judges .	Did the lawyer contact the judges ?	yes
The scientist stopped the judges who helped the athletes .	Did the judges help the athletes ?	yes
The bankers near the secretary called the doctor .	Did the bankers call the doctor ?	yes
The president in front of the professor advised the authors .	Did the president advise the authors ?	yes
The tourists behind the actor recommended the authors .	Did the tourists recommend the authors ?	yes
The authors by the banker helped the athlete .	Did the authors help the athlete ?	yes
The lawyer in front of the author mentioned the athletes .	Did the lawyer mention the athletes ?	yes
The president behind the bankers encouraged the judge .	Did the president encourage the judge ?	yes
The author near the secretary encouraged the manager .	Did the author encourage the manager ?	yes
The secretary by the lawyers thanked the judge .	Did the secretary thank the judge ?	yes
The lawyers by the bankers supported the tourists .	Did the lawyers support the tourists ?	yes
The judge near the students called the scientists .	Did the judge call the scientists ?	yes
The lawyers behind the senator called the managers .	Did the lawyers call the managers ?	yes
The student next to the professor called the judge .	Did the student call the judge ?	yes
The actor near the student mentioned the managers .	Did the actor mention the managers ?	yes
The senators near the managers believed the doctors .	Did the senators believe the doctors ?	yes
The tourist by the judges stopped the banker .	Did the tourist stop the banker ?	yes
The lawyers next to the actor advised the student .	Did the lawyers advise the student ?	yes
The senator next to the tourist encouraged the professor .	Did the senator encourage the professor ?	yes
The lawyer by the secretaries introduced the scientists .	Did the lawyer introduce the scientists ?	yes
The bankers by the tourists supported the senators .	Did the bankers support the senators ?	yes
The presidents by the lawyer stopped the secretary .	Did the presidents stop the secretary ?	yes
The authors by the judge believed the secretaries .	Did the authors believe the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyers behind the judges admired the banker .	Did the lawyers admire the banker ?	yes
The banker behind the athlete supported the president .	Did the banker support the president ?	yes
The judge behind the doctor contacted the scientists .	Did the judge contact the scientists ?	yes
The professors in front of the athletes admired the secretaries .	Did the professors admire the secretaries ?	yes
The doctor behind the bankers called the president .	Did the doctor call the president ?	yes
The tourists in front of the author called the artist .	Did the tourists call the artist ?	yes
The secretary next to the student stopped the professor .	Did the secretary stop the professor ?	yes
The managers next to the athlete thanked the secretary .	Did the managers thank the secretary ?	yes
The authors in front of the artists admired the senators .	Did the authors admire the senators ?	yes
The judges near the president recognized the doctor .	Did the judges recognize the doctor ?	yes
The secretaries behind the author saw the artists .	Did the secretaries see the artists ?	yes
The student next to the doctors helped the actors .	Did the student help the actors ?	yes
The lawyers near the actors recommended the scientists .	Did the lawyers recommend the scientists ?	yes
The artists by the tourist supported the bankers .	Did the artists support the bankers ?	yes
The professor near the doctors believed the judge .	Did the professor believe the judge ?	yes
The lawyers next to the athlete helped the manager .	Did the lawyers help the manager ?	yes
The athletes by the professor called the managers .	Did the athletes call the managers ?	yes
The presidents behind the scientists introduced the student .	Did the presidents introduce the student ?	yes
The doctors next to the lawyer contacted the authors .	Did the doctors contact the authors ?	yes
The artists near the students supported the actors .	Did the artists support the actors ?	yes
The judges by the bankers recommended the manager .	Did the judges recommend the manager ?	yes
The scientist next to the athlete contacted the senator .	Did the scientist contact the senator ?	yes
The doctors by the lawyer thanked the actor .	Did the doctors thank the actor ?	yes
The artist by the doctors recognized the scientists .	Did the artist recognize the scientists ?	yes
The authors next to the lawyer admired the judge .	Did the authors admire the judge ?	yes
The doctor near the banker called the presidents .	Did the doctor call the presidents ?	yes
The artist near the scientists admired the athletes .	Did the artist admire the athletes ?	yes
The presidents near the actor avoided the tourists .	Did the presidents avoid the tourists ?	yes
The doctors near the tourists introduced the actors .	Did the doctors introduce the actors ?	yes
The presidents in front of the tourists introduced the judge .	Did the presidents introduce the judge ?	yes
The authors by the professor avoided the tourists .	Did the authors avoid the tourists ?	yes
The authors by the senators saw the judges .	Did the authors see the judges ?	yes
The doctor in front of the students encouraged the managers .	Did the doctor encourage the managers ?	yes
The authors next to the professors thanked the banker .	Did the authors thank the banker ?	yes
The bankers in front of the professor thanked the athletes .	Did the bankers thank the athletes ?	yes
The authors behind the judges stopped the athletes .	Did the authors stop the athletes ?	yes
The athletes in front of the students called the presidents .	Did the athletes call the presidents ?	yes
The manager behind the tourist contacted the judges .	Did the manager contact the judges ?	yes
The presidents in front of the tourists avoided the scientist .	Did the presidents avoid the scientist ?	yes
The students behind the scientists called the secretaries .	Did the students call the secretaries ?	yes
The professors by the authors helped the manager .	Did the professors help the manager ?	yes
The scientists by the authors believed the lawyers .	Did the scientists believe the lawyers ?	yes
The manager next to the senator encouraged the doctor .	Did the manager encourage the doctor ?	yes
The senator near the doctor admired the students .	Did the senator admire the students ?	yes
The judges next to the secretary called the students .	Did the judges call the students ?	yes
The author by the tourist saw the lawyers .	Did the author see the lawyers ?	yes
The manager next to the senator stopped the president .	Did the manager stop the president ?	yes
The artists in front of the authors called the lawyers .	Did the artists call the lawyers ?	yes
The tourist near the president admired the authors .	Did the tourist admire the authors ?	yes
The lawyers near the professors believed the secretary .	Did the lawyers believe the secretary ?	yes
The tourist near the senator saw the lawyer .	Did the tourist see the lawyer ?	yes
The actors by the lawyer stopped the presidents .	Did the actors stop the presidents ?	yes
The authors behind the athlete stopped the doctors .	Did the authors stop the doctors ?	yes
The professor near the bankers encouraged the doctors .	Did the professor encourage the doctors ?	yes
The lawyers behind the actor admired the banker .	Did the lawyers admire the banker ?	yes
The president near the judges encouraged the doctor .	Did the president encourage the doctor ?	yes
The presidents near the artists called the actor .	Did the presidents call the actor ?	yes
The senators in front of the professor admired the athlete .	Did the senators admire the athlete ?	yes
The judges behind the secretaries supported the student .	Did the judges support the student ?	yes
The professors next to the scientists encouraged the authors .	Did the professors encourage the authors ?	yes
The manager in front of the athlete mentioned the senator .	Did the manager mention the senator ?	yes
The actors next to the students encouraged the tourist .	Did the actors encourage the tourist ?	yes
The author behind the tourists recognized the lawyers .	Did the author recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The banker by the professors thanked the secretary .	Did the banker thank the secretary ?	yes
The presidents by the scientists believed the senator .	Did the presidents believe the senator ?	yes
The students by the tourists supported the lawyer .	Did the students support the lawyer ?	yes
The secretaries in front of the professors stopped the actors .	Did the secretaries stop the actors ?	yes
The artists next to the athletes helped the senators .	Did the artists help the senators ?	yes
The secretary next to the actor encouraged the judges .	Did the secretary encourage the judges ?	yes
The doctors in front of the secretaries admired the athletes .	Did the doctors admire the athletes ?	yes
The bankers next to the artist recognized the president .	Did the bankers recognize the president ?	yes
The tourists near the judges advised the senator .	Did the tourists advise the senator ?	yes
The president in front of the professors advised the manager .	Did the president advise the manager ?	yes
The actors in front of the scientists stopped the professors .	Did the actors stop the professors ?	yes
The athletes by the actors helped the president .	Did the athletes help the president ?	yes
The artist in front of the athletes admired the student .	Did the artist admire the student ?	yes
The senator near the presidents helped the students .	Did the senator help the students ?	yes
The president in front of the senators called the judge .	Did the president call the judge ?	yes
The presidents behind the secretary called the professors .	Did the presidents call the professors ?	yes
The presidents by the artist saw the scientist .	Did the presidents see the scientist ?	yes
The scientists in front of the actor stopped the artists .	Did the scientists stop the artists ?	yes
The tourist near the doctor recognized the artist .	Did the tourist recognize the artist ?	yes
The professors by the athletes recommended the president .	Did the professors recommend the president ?	yes
The tourist by the students thanked the professors .	Did the tourist thank the professors ?	yes
The lawyer behind the manager helped the president .	Did the lawyer help the president ?	yes
The athlete by the artist believed the professors .	Did the athlete believe the professors ?	yes
The students behind the professor avoided the athletes .	Did the students avoid the athletes ?	yes
The tourist in front of the lawyer helped the scientist .	Did the tourist help the scientist ?	yes
The student by the doctors believed the athlete .	Did the student believe the athlete ?	yes
The secretary in front of the scientists mentioned the presidents .	Did the secretary mention the presidents ?	yes
The doctors behind the senators recognized the actor .	Did the doctors recognize the actor ?	yes
The actor next to the professors called the lawyers .	Did the actor call the lawyers ?	yes
The bankers next to the artists stopped the actors .	Did the bankers stop the actors ?	yes
The president by the artist stopped the scientist .	Did the president stop the scientist ?	yes
The manager in front of the doctors avoided the student .	Did the manager avoid the student ?	yes
The manager in front of the artists introduced the athletes .	Did the manager introduce the athletes ?	yes
The student in front of the senators recognized the secretaries .	Did the student recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The tourist by the lawyer contacted the senator .	Did the tourist contact the senator ?	yes
The artists in front of the scientists admired the professor .	Did the artists admire the professor ?	yes
The manager in front of the lawyer saw the doctors .	Did the manager see the doctors ?	yes
The student by the professors saw the lawyers .	Did the student see the lawyers ?	yes
The scientists behind the artists introduced the lawyers .	Did the scientists introduce the lawyers ?	yes
The banker in front of the senator stopped the judge .	Did the banker stop the judge ?	yes
The banker by the judges recognized the students .	Did the banker recognize the students ?	yes
The scientist behind the lawyer believed the professors .	Did the scientist believe the professors ?	yes
The athlete next to the manager mentioned the scientist .	Did the athlete mention the scientist ?	yes
The professor in front of the lawyer supported the scientists .	Did the professor support the scientists ?	yes
The tourists next to the presidents called the artist .	Did the tourists call the artist ?	yes
The doctors near the lawyers recommended the judges .	Did the doctors recommend the judges ?	yes
The artist by the secretaries called the students .	Did the artist call the students ?	yes
The judge near the professor recognized the actors .	Did the judge recognize the actors ?	yes
The doctor by the banker advised the authors .	Did the doctor advise the authors ?	yes
The senator in front of the doctor supported the banker .	Did the senator support the banker ?	yes
The secretary behind the senator believed the authors .	Did the secretary believe the authors ?	yes
The lawyer in front of the judges avoided the artists .	Did the lawyer avoid the artists ?	yes
The actors in front of the tourist avoided the president .	Did the actors avoid the president ?	yes
The author in front of the bankers encouraged the actors .	Did the author encourage the actors ?	yes
The scientists near the senator admired the judge .	Did the scientists admire the judge ?	yes
The professor in front of the doctor stopped the judge .	Did the professor stop the judge ?	yes
The artists in front of the manager supported the banker .	Did the artists support the banker ?	yes
The authors behind the athletes advised the president .	Did the authors advise the president ?	yes
The doctor in front of the banker recognized the judge .	Did the doctor recognize the judge ?	yes
The doctor near the artists mentioned the manager .	Did the doctor mention the manager ?	yes
The senator near the manager believed the artist .	Did the senator believe the artist ?	yes
The tourists near the lawyers supported the scientists .	Did the tourists support the scientists ?	yes
The author in front of the banker mentioned the athlete .	Did the author mention the athlete ?	yes
The bankers by the students helped the actors .	Did the bankers help the actors ?	yes
The lawyer in front of the secretaries saw the artist .	Did the lawyer see the artist ?	yes
The author behind the secretary advised the lawyer .	Did the author advise the lawyer ?	yes
The doctors next to the actors called the lawyers .	Did the doctors call the lawyers ?	yes
The athletes near the professor avoided the banker .	Did the athletes avoid the banker ?	yes
The manager next to the athletes helped the secretary .	Did the manager help the secretary ?	yes
The scientist by the actors mentioned the president .	Did the scientist mention the president ?	yes
The professors in front of the bankers avoided the scientist .	Did the professors avoid the scientist ?	yes
The banker behind the professors admired the judge .	Did the banker admire the judge ?	yes
The tourists near the banker admired the actors .	Did the tourists admire the actors ?	yes
The actor next to the president helped the secretary .	Did the actor help the secretary ?	yes
The author by the actor admired the tourist .	Did the author admire the tourist ?	yes
The lawyer next to the bankers recognized the students .	Did the lawyer recognize the students ?	yes
The artist by the president mentioned the managers .	Did the artist mention the managers ?	yes
The athlete in front of the students called the lawyers .	Did the athlete call the lawyers ?	yes
The artists by the scientists helped the lawyers .	Did the artists help the lawyers ?	yes
The senator next to the doctors believed the tourist .	Did the senator believe the tourist ?	yes
The doctor in front of the scientist encouraged the secretary .	Did the doctor encourage the secretary ?	yes
The actor in front of the manager contacted the lawyers .	Did the actor contact the lawyers ?	yes
The professor by the banker supported the senators .	Did the professor support the senators ?	yes
The banker by the lawyers contacted the judges .	Did the banker contact the judges ?	yes
The scientist by the presidents stopped the student .	Did the scientist stop the student ?	yes
The judges near the artists supported the secretary .	Did the judges support the secretary ?	yes
The author near the doctor thanked the actors .	Did the author thank the actors ?	yes
The authors in front of the professor contacted the actors .	Did the authors contact the actors ?	yes
The managers by the author supported the lawyer .	Did the managers support the lawyer ?	yes
The tourists behind the actors thanked the doctor .	Did the tourists thank the doctor ?	yes
The authors by the actor supported the professors .	Did the authors support the professors ?	yes
The athletes next to the artists supported the professors .	Did the athletes support the professors ?	yes
The judge by the senators contacted the professor .	Did the judge contact the professor ?	yes
The athletes by the students avoided the authors .	Did the athletes avoid the authors ?	yes
The senator behind the artist supported the students .	Did the senator support the students ?	yes
The tourist behind the manager saw the senator .	Did the tourist see the senator ?	yes
The bankers by the senator helped the athlete .	Did the bankers help the athlete ?	yes
The senators behind the presidents saw the author .	Did the senators see the author ?	yes
The senator next to the authors recommended the athlete .	Did the senator recommend the athlete ?	yes
The scientist behind the bankers stopped the lawyer .	Did the scientist stop the lawyer ?	yes
The judge by the manager avoided the professor .	Did the judge avoid the professor ?	yes
The doctor in front of the athletes stopped the artist .	Did the doctor stop the artist ?	yes
The tourist by the scientist helped the senator .	Did the tourist help the senator ?	yes
The athlete near the secretaries thanked the actor .	Did the athlete thank the actor ?	yes
The authors near the presidents encouraged the bankers .	Did the authors encourage the bankers ?	yes
The professors in front of the athlete called the senator .	Did the professors call the senator ?	yes
The secretaries in front of the lawyers thanked the scientist .	Did the secretaries thank the scientist ?	yes
The banker in front of the student believed the professor .	Did the banker believe the professor ?	yes
The senators by the judge believed the doctors .	Did the senators believe the doctors ?	yes
The artist near the student believed the judges .	Did the artist believe the judges ?	yes
The presidents by the banker stopped the author .	Did the presidents stop the author ?	yes
The student by the judge recognized the secretary .	Did the student recognize the secretary ?	yes
The judge near the actors advised the doctor .	Did the judge advise the doctor ?	yes
The athlete in front of the senator contacted the scientists .	Did the athlete contact the scientists ?	yes
The tourist in front of the lawyer believed the president .	Did the tourist believe the president ?	yes
The manager next to the president recognized the author .	Did the manager recognize the author ?	yes
The artists by the actor admired the lawyer .	Did the artists admire the lawyer ?	yes
The student next to the athletes saw the secretary .	Did the student see the secretary ?	yes
The scientist in front of the tourist contacted the banker .	Did the scientist contact the banker ?	yes
The doctor by the scientists advised the lawyers .	Did the doctor advise the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyer by the manager mentioned the president .	Did the lawyer mention the president ?	yes
The presidents by the senators avoided the managers .	Did the presidents avoid the managers ?	yes
The senator behind the athlete avoided the president .	Did the senator avoid the president ?	yes
The doctor in front of the president introduced the bankers .	Did the doctor introduce the bankers ?	yes
The senators near the doctors mentioned the actors .	Did the senators mention the actors ?	yes
The lawyers next to the senator contacted the manager .	Did the lawyers contact the manager ?	yes
The managers behind the secretaries contacted the judges .	Did the managers contact the judges ?	yes
The president next to the athletes thanked the doctors .	Did the president thank the doctors ?	yes
The secretaries near the bankers admired the judge .	Did the secretaries admire the judge ?	yes
The senator behind the tourist helped the actors .	Did the senator help the actors ?	yes
The tourist next to the scientists admired the judge .	Did the tourist admire the judge ?	yes
The presidents by the scientist helped the athlete .	Did the presidents help the athlete ?	yes
The secretaries by the actor recommended the doctor .	Did the secretaries recommend the doctor ?	yes
The authors next to the senator mentioned the lawyer .	Did the authors mention the lawyer ?	yes
The actors next to the athletes contacted the senators .	Did the actors contact the senators ?	yes
The secretaries in front of the president mentioned the authors .	Did the secretaries mention the authors ?	yes
The manager next to the professor recognized the actor .	Did the manager recognize the actor ?	yes
The student behind the doctors believed the scientists .	Did the student believe the scientists ?	yes
The authors near the judge saw the artist .	Did the authors see the artist ?	yes
The banker near the doctor introduced the athletes .	Did the banker introduce the athletes ?	yes
The president by the secretary mentioned the actor .	Did the president mention the actor ?	yes
The scientists near the manager thanked the presidents .	Did the scientists thank the presidents ?	yes
The manager next to the artist supported the president .	Did the manager support the president ?	yes
The manager near the senators saw the secretary .	Did the manager see the secretary ?	yes
The tourists near the senator introduced the actors .	Did the tourists introduce the actors ?	yes
The tourist behind the students thanked the banker .	Did the tourist thank the banker ?	yes
The athletes near the tourists called the senators .	Did the athletes call the senators ?	yes
The senators near the athletes recommended the doctors .	Did the senators recommend the doctors ?	yes
The senators by the actor encouraged the professor .	Did the senators encourage the professor ?	yes
The judge next to the authors encouraged the doctors .	Did the judge encourage the doctors ?	yes
The doctor near the secretary contacted the senators .	Did the doctor contact the senators ?	yes
The doctor near the presidents contacted the professor .	Did the doctor contact the professor ?	yes
The banker behind the senator mentioned the scientist .	Did the banker mention the scientist ?	yes
The president by the senator recognized the students .	Did the president recognize the students ?	yes
The scientists by the professor supported the actors .	Did the scientists support the actors ?	yes
The manager behind the students helped the lawyer .	Did the manager help the lawyer ?	yes
The banker behind the author supported the actor .	Did the banker support the actor ?	yes
The student behind the lawyer recognized the presidents .	Did the student recognize the presidents ?	yes
The author in front of the senator supported the banker .	Did the author support the banker ?	yes
The doctors behind the tourist contacted the scientist .	Did the doctors contact the scientist ?	yes
The judge by the tourist saw the athletes .	Did the judge see the athletes ?	yes
The students in front of the tourists called the secretaries .	Did the students call the secretaries ?	yes
The authors behind the banker thanked the manager .	Did the authors thank the manager ?	yes
The author behind the lawyer encouraged the professors .	Did the author encourage the professors ?	yes
The actor in front of the bankers believed the secretary .	Did the actor believe the secretary ?	yes
The actors near the athletes mentioned the doctor .	Did the actors mention the doctor ?	yes
The actor behind the authors advised the president .	Did the actor advise the president ?	yes
The actor behind the scientists advised the authors .	Did the actor advise the authors ?	yes
The artists in front of the president mentioned the senator .	Did the artists mention the senator ?	yes
The lawyer behind the scientists helped the student .	Did the lawyer help the student ?	yes
The scientists in front of the presidents contacted the secretaries .	Did the scientists contact the secretaries ?	yes
The actors behind the tourist avoided the banker .	Did the actors avoid the banker ?	yes
The secretary behind the tourists admired the banker .	Did the secretary admire the banker ?	yes
The bankers next to the scientist recommended the president .	Did the bankers recommend the president ?	yes
The tourist by the artist called the banker .	Did the tourist call the banker ?	yes
The presidents by the secretaries recommended the actor .	Did the presidents recommend the actor ?	yes
The professors by the authors introduced the presidents .	Did the professors introduce the presidents ?	yes
The tourists near the professors recommended the presidents .	Did the tourists recommend the presidents ?	yes
The judge near the doctors avoided the actor .	Did the judge avoid the actor ?	yes
The judge in front of the students helped the president .	Did the judge help the president ?	yes
The athlete behind the lawyers avoided the judges .	Did the athlete avoid the judges ?	yes
The judges behind the senators encouraged the authors .	Did the judges encourage the authors ?	yes
The scientists next to the lawyers contacted the presidents .	Did the scientists contact the presidents ?	yes
The lawyer near the athlete helped the judge .	Did the lawyer help the judge ?	yes
The artist next to the president contacted the senator .	Did the artist contact the senator ?	yes
The athletes near the banker believed the scientists .	Did the athletes believe the scientists ?	yes
The senators in front of the authors advised the scientists .	Did the senators advise the scientists ?	yes
The artist behind the actors mentioned the tourist .	Did the artist mention the tourist ?	yes
The actor by the professor mentioned the bankers .	Did the actor mention the bankers ?	yes
The senator in front of the author introduced the lawyer .	Did the senator introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The professor in front of the tourists avoided the senators .	Did the professor avoid the senators ?	yes
The athlete by the professors encouraged the artist .	Did the athlete encourage the artist ?	yes
The artist near the judges recognized the banker .	Did the artist recognize the banker ?	yes
The manager next to the student recognized the judges .	Did the manager recognize the judges ?	yes
The authors next to the doctor stopped the manager .	Did the authors stop the manager ?	yes
The bankers behind the tourists recognized the lawyer .	Did the bankers recognize the lawyer ?	yes
The authors in front of the judges recommended the scientists .	Did the authors recommend the scientists ?	yes
The secretaries next to the senator saw the bankers .	Did the secretaries see the bankers ?	yes
The doctors in front of the judges called the presidents .	Did the doctors call the presidents ?	yes
The athletes behind the doctors saw the actors .	Did the athletes see the actors ?	yes
The scientists next to the tourists introduced the doctor .	Did the scientists introduce the doctor ?	yes
The scientists by the lawyer saw the judge .	Did the scientists see the judge ?	yes
The students behind the managers encouraged the president .	Did the students encourage the president ?	yes
The presidents in front of the senator called the lawyers .	Did the presidents call the lawyers ?	yes
The author near the bankers called the actors .	Did the author call the actors ?	yes
The artists next to the author avoided the senator .	Did the artists avoid the senator ?	yes
The athletes next to the judges supported the doctors .	Did the athletes support the doctors ?	yes
The scientist near the manager stopped the authors .	Did the scientist stop the authors ?	yes
The judges by the professor admired the lawyer .	Did the judges admire the lawyer ?	yes
The senator behind the president thanked the athlete .	Did the senator thank the athlete ?	yes
The president behind the students admired the judges .	Did the president admire the judges ?	yes
The scientists in front of the senator thanked the judges .	Did the scientists thank the judges ?	yes
The actor by the student mentioned the judges .	Did the actor mention the judges ?	yes
The artist next to the senator recommended the scientists .	Did the artist recommend the scientists ?	yes
The artist behind the judges saw the doctors .	Did the artist see the doctors ?	yes
The secretaries behind the scientists admired the judge .	Did the secretaries admire the judge ?	yes
The artist in front of the president avoided the scientist .	Did the artist avoid the scientist ?	yes
The secretary near the scientist supported the president .	Did the secretary support the president ?	yes
The secretary near the actors mentioned the students .	Did the secretary mention the students ?	yes
The judges in front of the athlete advised the professor .	Did the judges advise the professor ?	yes
The president next to the athlete stopped the bankers .	Did the president stop the bankers ?	yes
The secretary next to the tourists contacted the lawyer .	Did the secretary contact the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyer behind the athlete introduced the artist .	Did the lawyer introduce the artist ?	yes
The authors in front of the artists introduced the bankers .	Did the authors introduce the bankers ?	yes
The tourist in front of the managers thanked the lawyers .	Did the tourist thank the lawyers ?	yes
The students next to the authors helped the judges .	Did the students help the judges ?	yes
The senator near the judge thanked the authors .	Did the senator thank the authors ?	yes
The senator next to the author supported the scientist .	Did the senator support the scientist ?	yes
The professors behind the lawyers stopped the artists .	Did the professors stop the artists ?	yes
The judges in front of the authors introduced the professor .	Did the judges introduce the professor ?	yes
The managers by the secretaries contacted the scientists .	Did the managers contact the scientists ?	yes
The actor near the student recommended the doctors .	Did the actor recommend the doctors ?	yes
The scientists near the artist advised the managers .	Did the scientists advise the managers ?	yes
The doctors near the artists saw the students .	Did the doctors see the students ?	yes
The professor behind the banker mentioned the scientists .	Did the professor mention the scientists ?	yes
The senators next to the tourist avoided the artists .	Did the senators avoid the artists ?	yes
The lawyers by the banker supported the presidents .	Did the lawyers support the presidents ?	yes
The actors next to the lawyers believed the president .	Did the actors believe the president ?	yes
The judge behind the senator thanked the professor .	Did the judge thank the professor ?	yes
The lawyer in front of the president contacted the senator .	Did the lawyer contact the senator ?	yes
The doctor behind the tourists saw the bankers .	Did the doctor see the bankers ?	yes
The students in front of the lawyer saw the senator .	Did the students see the senator ?	yes
The actors in front of the managers recognized the secretary .	Did the actors recognize the secretary ?	yes
The secretary behind the tourists encouraged the students .	Did the secretary encourage the students ?	yes
The athlete behind the secretaries called the banker .	Did the athlete call the banker ?	yes
The senator by the doctor stopped the lawyers .	Did the senator stop the lawyers ?	yes
The president next to the senators called the doctors .	Did the president call the doctors ?	yes
The athletes in front of the artist believed the doctor .	Did the athletes believe the doctor ?	yes
The manager behind the professor stopped the authors .	Did the manager stop the authors ?	yes
The senators in front of the president thanked the student .	Did the senators thank the student ?	yes
The judge by the artists supported the secretaries .	Did the judge support the secretaries ?	yes
The athlete near the scientists recognized the tourist .	Did the athlete recognize the tourist ?	yes
The secretaries behind the senator encouraged the scientist .	Did the secretaries encourage the scientist ?	yes
The bankers behind the lawyers admired the actors .	Did the bankers admire the actors ?	yes
The banker by the athletes called the doctors .	Did the banker call the doctors ?	yes
The banker by the artists encouraged the secretary .	Did the banker encourage the secretary ?	yes
The presidents next to the artists called the managers .	Did the presidents call the managers ?	yes
The athlete by the secretary recognized the students .	Did the athlete recognize the students ?	yes
The tourists near the professor supported the judges .	Did the tourists support the judges ?	yes
The judges behind the athlete mentioned the senator .	Did the judges mention the senator ?	yes
The professors by the banker recommended the senator .	Did the professors recommend the senator ?	yes
The professor by the president thanked the athlete .	Did the professor thank the athlete ?	yes
The secretary in front of the judges saw the professor .	Did the secretary see the professor ?	yes
The author near the scientists introduced the tourists .	Did the author introduce the tourists ?	yes
The athlete behind the judge avoided the tourist .	Did the athlete avoid the tourist ?	yes
The secretary by the artist recognized the doctors .	Did the secretary recognize the doctors ?	yes
The authors in front of the actor called the manager .	Did the authors call the manager ?	yes
The secretaries by the athlete saw the actor .	Did the secretaries see the actor ?	yes
The judges in front of the doctors called the professors .	Did the judges call the professors ?	yes
The judge near the senators introduced the students .	Did the judge introduce the students ?	yes
The professor behind the author admired the artists .	Did the professor admire the artists ?	yes
The banker in front of the presidents helped the senator .	Did the banker help the senator ?	yes
The president near the lawyer believed the authors .	Did the president believe the authors ?	yes
The scientist behind the students encouraged the lawyers .	Did the scientist encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The artists near the actors recognized the doctor .	Did the artists recognize the doctor ?	yes
The professor in front of the bankers saw the lawyer .	Did the professor see the lawyer ?	yes
The managers next to the doctors mentioned the tourist .	Did the managers mention the tourist ?	yes
The actors by the doctor saw the athlete .	Did the actors see the athlete ?	yes
The scientists behind the actor introduced the students .	Did the scientists introduce the students ?	yes
The author near the tourists advised the scientist .	Did the author advise the scientist ?	yes
The banker in front of the president helped the author .	Did the banker help the author ?	yes
The athlete next to the actors introduced the students .	Did the athlete introduce the students ?	yes
The president in front of the bankers mentioned the doctor .	Did the president mention the doctor ?	yes
The doctors next to the secretary saw the professor .	Did the doctors see the professor ?	yes
The senator near the banker contacted the athletes .	Did the senator contact the athletes ?	yes
The scientists near the student avoided the professors .	Did the scientists avoid the professors ?	yes
The professor next to the doctors saw the artists .	Did the professor see the artists ?	yes
The judges behind the secretaries called the bankers .	Did the judges call the bankers ?	yes
The senator in front of the secretary introduced the scientist .	Did the senator introduce the scientist ?	yes
The authors next to the artist thanked the actors .	Did the authors thank the actors ?	yes
The author near the artist contacted the senators .	Did the author contact the senators ?	yes
The professors next to the senators admired the scientist .	Did the professors admire the scientist ?	yes
The senator by the secretaries contacted the athletes .	Did the senator contact the athletes ?	yes
The bankers next to the student mentioned the doctors .	Did the bankers mention the doctors ?	yes
The judges near the secretaries mentioned the presidents .	Did the judges mention the presidents ?	yes
The judge near the author believed the scientists .	Did the judge believe the scientists ?	yes
The authors next to the doctor saw the president .	Did the authors see the president ?	yes
The tourists in front of the judge helped the secretaries .	Did the tourists help the secretaries ?	yes
The presidents in front of the senators introduced the doctor .	Did the presidents introduce the doctor ?	yes
The athlete next to the doctors advised the judges .	Did the athlete advise the judges ?	yes
The senator next to the lawyers called the banker .	Did the senator call the banker ?	yes
The managers behind the senator helped the athlete .	Did the managers help the athlete ?	yes
The tourists by the bankers supported the actor .	Did the tourists support the actor ?	yes
The scientist near the authors recommended the secretaries .	Did the scientist recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The doctors next to the student avoided the athletes .	Did the doctors avoid the athletes ?	yes
The doctors by the banker thanked the student .	Did the doctors thank the student ?	yes
The artist in front of the actor stopped the judge .	Did the artist stop the judge ?	yes
The scientists behind the banker believed the tourist .	Did the scientists believe the tourist ?	yes
The artist in front of the professors recognized the athletes .	Did the artist recognize the athletes ?	yes
The actor near the lawyer mentioned the bankers .	Did the actor mention the bankers ?	yes
The doctor behind the president introduced the secretary .	Did the doctor introduce the secretary ?	yes
The president next to the scientist recommended the author .	Did the president recommend the author ?	yes
The actors in front of the managers contacted the scientist .	Did the actors contact the scientist ?	yes
The banker behind the secretary recommended the student .	Did the banker recommend the student ?	yes
The scientists near the professors stopped the doctors .	Did the scientists stop the doctors ?	yes
The artist next to the doctors thanked the authors .	Did the artist thank the authors ?	yes
The banker next to the managers mentioned the student .	Did the banker mention the student ?	yes
The banker in front of the students introduced the athletes .	Did the banker introduce the athletes ?	yes
The artists in front of the senator stopped the athlete .	Did the artists stop the athlete ?	yes
The doctors next to the artists recommended the actor .	Did the doctors recommend the actor ?	yes
The doctors by the president recommended the secretary .	Did the doctors recommend the secretary ?	yes
The actors by the tourists avoided the artists .	Did the actors avoid the artists ?	yes
The authors behind the professors avoided the actors .	Did the authors avoid the actors ?	yes
The scientists in front of the student believed the senators .	Did the scientists believe the senators ?	yes
The judges by the actors advised the senators .	Did the judges advise the senators ?	yes
The senators by the manager mentioned the scientists .	Did the senators mention the scientists ?	yes
The tourist next to the athlete supported the senator .	Did the tourist support the senator ?	yes
The judge near the scientist thanked the tourist .	Did the judge thank the tourist ?	yes
The student behind the author believed the lawyers .	Did the student believe the lawyers ?	yes
The doctor in front of the authors supported the student .	Did the doctor support the student ?	yes
The tourists near the actor mentioned the students .	Did the tourists mention the students ?	yes
The presidents in front of the lawyers saw the judges .	Did the presidents see the judges ?	yes
The scientists behind the author supported the manager .	Did the scientists support the manager ?	yes
The professor next to the tourist admired the presidents .	Did the professor admire the presidents ?	yes
The bankers in front of the judge contacted the senators .	Did the bankers contact the senators ?	yes
The lawyer near the student believed the artist .	Did the lawyer believe the artist ?	yes
The authors behind the bankers admired the doctors .	Did the authors admire the doctors ?	yes
The tourist behind the judge saw the president .	Did the tourist see the president ?	yes
The secretary by the manager advised the actor .	Did the secretary advise the actor ?	yes
The students in front of the tourists contacted the judges .	Did the students contact the judges ?	yes
The judge next to the scientist recognized the presidents .	Did the judge recognize the presidents ?	yes
The students by the artists thanked the managers .	Did the students thank the managers ?	yes
The athletes near the authors encouraged the students .	Did the athletes encourage the students ?	yes
The actor by the lawyers mentioned the artist .	Did the actor mention the artist ?	yes
The authors near the judge advised the manager .	Did the authors advise the manager ?	yes
The secretaries next to the doctor saw the tourists .	Did the secretaries see the tourists ?	yes
The artists next to the athlete saw the professor .	Did the artists see the professor ?	yes
The bankers by the professor supported the lawyer .	Did the bankers support the lawyer ?	yes
The students near the judge encouraged the professors .	Did the students encourage the professors ?	yes
The tourists behind the scientist avoided the judges .	Did the tourists avoid the judges ?	yes
The secretaries in front of the lawyer saw the scientist .	Did the secretaries see the scientist ?	yes
The tourists behind the secretaries encouraged the senators .	Did the tourists encourage the senators ?	yes
The scientist by the judge called the actors .	Did the scientist call the actors ?	yes
The president behind the authors contacted the lawyers .	Did the president contact the lawyers ?	yes
The authors in front of the bankers advised the students .	Did the authors advise the students ?	yes
The senators in front of the authors advised the bankers .	Did the senators advise the bankers ?	yes
The doctors in front of the lawyers saw the professor .	Did the doctors see the professor ?	yes
The student near the scientist thanked the banker .	Did the student thank the banker ?	yes
The presidents behind the tourists recommended the actors .	Did the presidents recommend the actors ?	yes
The banker near the athletes believed the doctors .	Did the banker believe the doctors ?	yes
The secretaries next to the banker encouraged the judge .	Did the secretaries encourage the judge ?	yes
The scientists in front of the senators recognized the secretaries .	Did the scientists recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The doctor next to the presidents recommended the professor .	Did the doctor recommend the professor ?	yes
The actors by the authors contacted the banker .	Did the actors contact the banker ?	yes
The artist in front of the secretary recommended the tourist .	Did the artist recommend the tourist ?	yes
The artist by the doctor believed the student .	Did the artist believe the student ?	yes
The doctor next to the judge recognized the tourists .	Did the doctor recognize the tourists ?	yes
The lawyers in front of the senator avoided the manager .	Did the lawyers avoid the manager ?	yes
The artist near the bankers contacted the president .	Did the artist contact the president ?	yes
The manager behind the scientists introduced the professors .	Did the manager introduce the professors ?	yes
The banker by the professor mentioned the doctors .	Did the banker mention the doctors ?	yes
The artist behind the actor called the senators .	Did the artist call the senators ?	yes
The presidents behind the senator recognized the athlete .	Did the presidents recognize the athlete ?	yes
The secretaries in front of the scientist advised the lawyer .	Did the secretaries advise the lawyer ?	yes
The authors by the judges recommended the athletes .	Did the authors recommend the athletes ?	yes
The tourists next to the author stopped the secretaries .	Did the tourists stop the secretaries ?	yes
The managers in front of the senator advised the artists .	Did the managers advise the artists ?	yes
The lawyers near the doctor advised the presidents .	Did the lawyers advise the presidents ?	yes
The lawyers behind the judges stopped the president .	Did the lawyers stop the president ?	yes
The student by the senator believed the author .	Did the student believe the author ?	yes
The scientists behind the tourists advised the secretary .	Did the scientists advise the secretary ?	yes
The professor in front of the managers thanked the athletes .	Did the professor thank the athletes ?	yes
The doctors in front of the senators supported the lawyer .	Did the doctors support the lawyer ?	yes
The tourist by the senator helped the author .	Did the tourist help the author ?	yes
The tourist in front of the doctors thanked the senator .	Did the tourist thank the senator ?	yes
The manager behind the professors thanked the artist .	Did the manager thank the artist ?	yes
The bankers near the author mentioned the scientist .	Did the bankers mention the scientist ?	yes
The athlete near the student called the judge .	Did the athlete call the judge ?	yes
The senator near the president helped the secretaries .	Did the senator help the secretaries ?	yes
The actor in front of the president recommended the professor .	Did the actor recommend the professor ?	yes
The senators near the actor saw the judge .	Did the senators see the judge ?	yes
The actor behind the senator advised the managers .	Did the actor advise the managers ?	yes
The actor next to the professor saw the author .	Did the actor see the author ?	yes
The tourist near the doctors thanked the secretaries .	Did the tourist thank the secretaries ?	yes
The secretaries in front of the artist stopped the authors .	Did the secretaries stop the authors ?	yes
The judge behind the banker recognized the managers .	Did the judge recognize the managers ?	yes
The student by the judges thanked the tourists .	Did the student thank the tourists ?	yes
The actors by the student admired the secretaries .	Did the actors admire the secretaries ?	yes
The senators in front of the banker helped the athletes .	Did the senators help the athletes ?	yes
The scientist by the presidents believed the banker .	Did the scientist believe the banker ?	yes
The student by the artist recommended the judge .	Did the student recommend the judge ?	yes
The artists by the doctor recognized the lawyers .	Did the artists recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The professor near the actor called the students .	Did the professor call the students ?	yes
The student in front of the actors saw the managers .	Did the student see the managers ?	yes
The lawyer by the doctor avoided the author .	Did the lawyer avoid the author ?	yes
The lawyers in front of the senator avoided the judge .	Did the lawyers avoid the judge ?	yes
The athlete next to the bankers mentioned the judge .	Did the athlete mention the judge ?	yes
The secretaries next to the senator thanked the tourist .	Did the secretaries thank the tourist ?	yes
The tourist behind the bankers encouraged the students .	Did the tourist encourage the students ?	yes
The doctors by the actors supported the secretaries .	Did the doctors support the secretaries ?	yes
The secretaries behind the bankers supported the president .	Did the secretaries support the president ?	yes
The artists by the authors introduced the actors .	Did the artists introduce the actors ?	yes
The secretaries by the manager saw the student .	Did the secretaries see the student ?	yes
The artist next to the doctors saw the students .	Did the artist see the students ?	yes
The lawyer next to the student saw the actors .	Did the lawyer see the actors ?	yes
The professor behind the managers mentioned the judges .	Did the professor mention the judges ?	yes
The senators behind the judges recommended the scientist .	Did the senators recommend the scientist ?	yes
The manager in front of the lawyer recommended the secretaries .	Did the manager recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The student near the judge contacted the senator .	Did the student contact the senator ?	yes
The tourists near the professors believed the doctor .	Did the tourists believe the doctor ?	yes
The tourists in front of the senators admired the author .	Did the tourists admire the author ?	yes
The tourists in front of the student mentioned the artist .	Did the tourists mention the artist ?	yes
The secretaries next to the artist advised the doctor .	Did the secretaries advise the doctor ?	yes
The author in front of the professor encouraged the secretaries .	Did the author encourage the secretaries ?	yes
The professor by the president helped the manager .	Did the professor help the manager ?	yes
The students near the tourists thanked the athlete .	Did the students thank the athlete ?	yes
The tourists near the artists admired the presidents .	Did the tourists admire the presidents ?	yes
The senators in front of the doctor stopped the student .	Did the senators stop the student ?	yes
The tourists next to the banker admired the athletes .	Did the tourists admire the athletes ?	yes
The professor in front of the tourists helped the judges .	Did the professor help the judges ?	yes
The doctors in front of the senators advised the actor .	Did the doctors advise the actor ?	yes
The authors behind the secretaries admired the artists .	Did the authors admire the artists ?	yes
The scientist behind the banker stopped the secretaries .	Did the scientist stop the secretaries ?	yes
The artists behind the secretary admired the manager .	Did the artists admire the manager ?	yes
The actor by the manager advised the judges .	Did the actor advise the judges ?	yes
The judges in front of the tourists mentioned the students .	Did the judges mention the students ?	yes
The lawyers in front of the athletes saw the student .	Did the lawyers see the student ?	yes
The actor by the lawyer recognized the author .	Did the actor recognize the author ?	yes
The artists behind the bankers admired the judge .	Did the artists admire the judge ?	yes
The lawyer near the tourists believed the actor .	Did the lawyer believe the actor ?	yes
The doctors by the student admired the managers .	Did the doctors admire the managers ?	yes
The lawyer behind the student admired the athlete .	Did the lawyer admire the athlete ?	yes
The athletes next to the professors supported the students .	Did the athletes support the students ?	yes
The professors behind the tourist supported the secretaries .	Did the professors support the secretaries ?	yes
The tourists behind the actors contacted the doctors .	Did the tourists contact the doctors ?	yes
The judges in front of the doctor contacted the presidents .	Did the judges contact the presidents ?	yes
The judges near the athletes avoided the secretaries .	Did the judges avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The athlete next to the senators saw the artists .	Did the athlete see the artists ?	yes
The scientist next to the actor helped the banker .	Did the scientist help the banker ?	yes
The scientists near the athlete recognized the tourist .	Did the scientists recognize the tourist ?	yes
The president by the doctor avoided the managers .	Did the president avoid the managers ?	yes
The athletes by the secretaries introduced the presidents .	Did the athletes introduce the presidents ?	yes
The professors by the athletes avoided the lawyers .	Did the professors avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The secretary in front of the managers supported the tourist .	Did the secretary support the tourist ?	yes
The banker near the professor admired the manager .	Did the banker admire the manager ?	yes
The president near the bankers supported the actors .	Did the president support the actors ?	yes
The tourists behind the doctor encouraged the students .	Did the tourists encourage the students ?	yes
The manager by the artists introduced the president .	Did the manager introduce the president ?	yes
The president by the scientist stopped the bankers .	Did the president stop the bankers ?	yes
The professors in front of the tourist encouraged the lawyers .	Did the professors encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The doctor behind the tourist recommended the actors .	Did the doctor recommend the actors ?	yes
The judges by the doctors thanked the scientist .	Did the judges thank the scientist ?	yes
The banker in front of the author called the scientist .	Did the banker call the scientist ?	yes
The actor by the students contacted the scientist .	Did the actor contact the scientist ?	yes
The author near the athlete advised the artist .	Did the author advise the artist ?	yes
The professors in front of the presidents mentioned the judges .	Did the professors mention the judges ?	yes
The doctor by the senator supported the artists .	Did the doctor support the artists ?	yes
The athletes behind the actors called the president .	Did the athletes call the president ?	yes
The scientist by the doctor stopped the actors .	Did the scientist stop the actors ?	yes
The president by the artists encouraged the tourists .	Did the president encourage the tourists ?	yes
The manager in front of the scientist avoided the secretaries .	Did the manager avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The managers behind the scientist saw the senators .	Did the managers see the senators ?	yes
The scientists by the judges called the actors .	Did the scientists call the actors ?	yes
The professor in front of the athletes stopped the authors .	Did the professor stop the authors ?	yes
The banker in front of the presidents advised the athletes .	Did the banker advise the athletes ?	yes
The judges by the athlete stopped the professor .	Did the judges stop the professor ?	yes
The manager behind the bankers contacted the lawyers .	Did the manager contact the lawyers ?	yes
The authors behind the presidents recognized the students .	Did the authors recognize the students ?	yes
The author next to the banker contacted the managers .	Did the author contact the managers ?	yes
The author near the athlete thanked the scientists .	Did the author thank the scientists ?	yes
The secretary by the tourist contacted the professor .	Did the secretary contact the professor ?	yes
The author next to the tourists contacted the doctor .	Did the author contact the doctor ?	yes
The tourists by the lawyers helped the secretary .	Did the tourists help the secretary ?	yes
The artist next to the banker admired the judges .	Did the artist admire the judges ?	yes
The artist in front of the bankers advised the lawyers .	Did the artist advise the lawyers ?	yes
The secretaries by the scientists supported the senators .	Did the secretaries support the senators ?	yes
The senators behind the secretary avoided the scientists .	Did the senators avoid the scientists ?	yes
The senators near the judges contacted the professors .	Did the senators contact the professors ?	yes
The tourists near the secretary believed the senator .	Did the tourists believe the senator ?	yes
The athletes near the doctors called the professor .	Did the athletes call the professor ?	yes
The lawyers near the artists believed the actor .	Did the lawyers believe the actor ?	yes
The judge behind the manager avoided the actor .	Did the judge avoid the actor ?	yes
The professors near the actors believed the judge .	Did the professors believe the judge ?	yes
The professor behind the doctor recognized the tourist .	Did the professor recognize the tourist ?	yes
The tourists next to the banker thanked the president .	Did the tourists thank the president ?	yes
The scientist by the authors advised the bankers .	Did the scientist advise the bankers ?	yes
The scientists by the senators encouraged the artist .	Did the scientists encourage the artist ?	yes
The authors near the scientists introduced the managers .	Did the authors introduce the managers ?	yes
The actor in front of the author believed the tourist .	Did the actor believe the tourist ?	yes
The student in front of the bankers contacted the presidents .	Did the student contact the presidents ?	yes
The actors by the judges contacted the athletes .	Did the actors contact the athletes ?	yes
The lawyers near the tourist admired the presidents .	Did the lawyers admire the presidents ?	yes
The professors in front of the lawyers advised the actors .	Did the professors advise the actors ?	yes
The tourists by the judge saw the student .	Did the tourists see the student ?	yes
The secretary by the athlete recommended the doctor .	Did the secretary recommend the doctor ?	yes
The judges in front of the tourist advised the managers .	Did the judges advise the managers ?	yes
The athletes behind the tourists mentioned the authors .	Did the athletes mention the authors ?	yes
The presidents in front of the senator mentioned the tourist .	Did the presidents mention the tourist ?	yes
The doctors next to the manager believed the actors .	Did the doctors believe the actors ?	yes
The athletes in front of the senators recognized the president .	Did the athletes recognize the president ?	yes
The doctor near the authors introduced the president .	Did the doctor introduce the president ?	yes
The authors in front of the manager believed the lawyers .	Did the authors believe the lawyers ?	yes
The secretary near the artist supported the athletes .	Did the secretary support the athletes ?	yes
The manager by the tourists saw the lawyer .	Did the manager see the lawyer ?	yes
The doctors by the students introduced the athlete .	Did the doctors introduce the athlete ?	yes
The presidents by the professor thanked the scientist .	Did the presidents thank the scientist ?	yes
The scientists by the author advised the secretaries .	Did the scientists advise the secretaries ?	yes
The banker next to the professor recognized the presidents .	Did the banker recognize the presidents ?	yes
The secretaries behind the doctor recognized the manager .	Did the secretaries recognize the manager ?	yes
The senator by the artists believed the authors .	Did the senator believe the authors ?	yes
The actor next to the athletes contacted the scientists .	Did the actor contact the scientists ?	yes
The managers in front of the senators believed the bankers .	Did the managers believe the bankers ?	yes
The doctors by the judges introduced the professor .	Did the doctors introduce the professor ?	yes
The bankers near the athletes avoided the doctors .	Did the bankers avoid the doctors ?	yes
The actors by the artists believed the students .	Did the actors believe the students ?	yes
The students next to the professor introduced the lawyer .	Did the students introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyers near the managers stopped the secretaries .	Did the lawyers stop the secretaries ?	yes
The author next to the tourist advised the lawyers .	Did the author advise the lawyers ?	yes
The presidents next to the secretary thanked the professor .	Did the presidents thank the professor ?	yes
The actors by the president thanked the judge .	Did the actors thank the judge ?	yes
The authors by the doctor advised the athlete .	Did the authors advise the athlete ?	yes
The president behind the actors supported the artist .	Did the president support the artist ?	yes
The athlete by the scientist thanked the doctor .	Did the athlete thank the doctor ?	yes
The judge next to the senator called the professors .	Did the judge call the professors ?	yes
The athletes in front of the judges recognized the author .	Did the athletes recognize the author ?	yes
The author by the artists avoided the student .	Did the author avoid the student ?	yes
The students by the actors contacted the artists .	Did the students contact the artists ?	yes
The author behind the president avoided the athlete .	Did the author avoid the athlete ?	yes
The tourist behind the artists called the doctor .	Did the tourist call the doctor ?	yes
The authors next to the judge thanked the secretary .	Did the authors thank the secretary ?	yes
The lawyer near the banker helped the doctors .	Did the lawyer help the doctors ?	yes
The professors in front of the student thanked the author .	Did the professors thank the author ?	yes
The banker next to the scientist contacted the professors .	Did the banker contact the professors ?	yes
The authors by the student saw the professor .	Did the authors see the professor ?	yes
The doctor by the judges encouraged the authors .	Did the doctor encourage the authors ?	yes
The athletes near the scientists introduced the managers .	Did the athletes introduce the managers ?	yes
The managers near the scientist supported the artist .	Did the managers support the artist ?	yes
The students by the tourist admired the authors .	Did the students admire the authors ?	yes
The students next to the presidents advised the senator .	Did the students advise the senator ?	yes
The presidents near the actors advised the scientist .	Did the presidents advise the scientist ?	yes
The artists behind the judge introduced the student .	Did the artists introduce the student ?	yes
The professors behind the bankers believed the judge .	Did the professors believe the judge ?	yes
The scientists next to the professor introduced the tourist .	Did the scientists introduce the tourist ?	yes
The senator by the author advised the bankers .	Did the senator advise the bankers ?	yes
The athlete behind the judge called the professor .	Did the athlete call the professor ?	yes
The doctors next to the manager supported the secretary .	Did the doctors support the secretary ?	yes
The actors behind the senator thanked the student .	Did the actors thank the student ?	yes
The actors near the managers recognized the professor .	Did the actors recognize the professor ?	yes
The manager next to the secretaries thanked the bankers .	Did the manager thank the bankers ?	yes
The author next to the secretary thanked the judges .	Did the author thank the judges ?	yes
The bankers next to the athlete supported the judge .	Did the bankers support the judge ?	yes
The manager near the senator avoided the secretaries .	Did the manager avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The artists next to the student encouraged the tourist .	Did the artists encourage the tourist ?	yes
The athletes next to the students saw the artists .	Did the athletes see the artists ?	yes
The actors next to the athlete recommended the secretaries .	Did the actors recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The actor near the manager mentioned the scientists .	Did the actor mention the scientists ?	yes
The secretaries in front of the student thanked the professor .	Did the secretaries thank the professor ?	yes
The banker by the senator advised the doctors .	Did the banker advise the doctors ?	yes
The professors behind the athlete called the tourists .	Did the professors call the tourists ?	yes
The banker next to the managers recognized the scientist .	Did the banker recognize the scientist ?	yes
The artist behind the managers helped the banker .	Did the artist help the banker ?	yes
The secretary by the lawyers saw the athlete .	Did the secretary see the athlete ?	yes
The secretary behind the lawyers supported the senator .	Did the secretary support the senator ?	yes
The athlete by the president supported the doctor .	Did the athlete support the doctor ?	yes
The senators in front of the actors admired the lawyer .	Did the senators admire the lawyer ?	yes
The actor next to the senator saw the scientist .	Did the actor see the scientist ?	yes
The secretaries behind the presidents stopped the author .	Did the secretaries stop the author ?	yes
The scientists in front of the athletes supported the tourist .	Did the scientists support the tourist ?	yes
The senators by the authors supported the secretaries .	Did the senators support the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyer in front of the artists recommended the manager .	Did the lawyer recommend the manager ?	yes
The judges next to the tourist supported the students .	Did the judges support the students ?	yes
The author in front of the president encouraged the doctor .	Did the author encourage the doctor ?	yes
The actor near the bankers helped the student .	Did the actor help the student ?	yes
The judges next to the secretaries saw the student .	Did the judges see the student ?	yes
The scientists in front of the presidents advised the artist .	Did the scientists advise the artist ?	yes
The doctors next to the judges admired the senator .	Did the doctors admire the senator ?	yes
The banker by the senator recommended the managers .	Did the banker recommend the managers ?	yes
The bankers near the scientists saw the tourists .	Did the bankers see the tourists ?	yes
The professor by the tourist saw the scientists .	Did the professor see the scientists ?	yes
The manager next to the professor mentioned the lawyers .	Did the manager mention the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyers next to the banker called the professors .	Did the lawyers call the professors ?	yes
The lawyer near the actor recognized the tourists .	Did the lawyer recognize the tourists ?	yes
The bankers near the secretaries avoided the lawyer .	Did the bankers avoid the lawyer ?	yes
The doctor in front of the actors called the secretary .	Did the doctor call the secretary ?	yes
The professors next to the artists encouraged the author .	Did the professors encourage the author ?	yes
The senators behind the manager recommended the judges .	Did the senators recommend the judges ?	yes
The tourist next to the banker saw the professors .	Did the tourist see the professors ?	yes
The lawyers near the manager believed the authors .	Did the lawyers believe the authors ?	yes
The students by the doctor contacted the lawyer .	Did the students contact the lawyer ?	yes
The doctors next to the artists called the president .	Did the doctors call the president ?	yes
The secretaries in front of the banker thanked the judges .	Did the secretaries thank the judges ?	yes
The managers next to the secretary recommended the tourist .	Did the managers recommend the tourist ?	yes
The author near the lawyers helped the secretaries .	Did the author help the secretaries ?	yes
The banker next to the tourists introduced the senator .	Did the banker introduce the senator ?	yes
The artist near the manager admired the athletes .	Did the artist admire the athletes ?	yes
The secretary near the judges encouraged the athlete .	Did the secretary encourage the athlete ?	yes
The actors by the professor helped the doctor .	Did the actors help the doctor ?	yes
The lawyer near the presidents advised the secretary .	Did the lawyer advise the secretary ?	yes
The artists in front of the athletes admired the tourist .	Did the artists admire the tourist ?	yes
The professors in front of the banker introduced the managers .	Did the professors introduce the managers ?	yes
The judge behind the students avoided the doctors .	Did the judge avoid the doctors ?	yes
The presidents in front of the author believed the secretaries .	Did the presidents believe the secretaries ?	yes
The secretaries by the actors advised the doctor .	Did the secretaries advise the doctor ?	yes
The president in front of the secretary mentioned the actors .	Did the president mention the actors ?	yes
The professors behind the doctor admired the banker .	Did the professors admire the banker ?	yes
The authors in front of the actor helped the tourist .	Did the authors help the tourist ?	yes
The actors in front of the students saw the senators .	Did the actors see the senators ?	yes
The tourists near the authors recommended the professors .	Did the tourists recommend the professors ?	yes
The secretary behind the banker supported the author .	Did the secretary support the author ?	yes
The banker behind the senator recommended the student .	Did the banker recommend the student ?	yes
The students by the managers stopped the athletes .	Did the students stop the athletes ?	yes
The doctor in front of the tourists admired the students .	Did the doctor admire the students ?	yes
The judge in front of the presidents helped the tourists .	Did the judge help the tourists ?	yes
The bankers next to the lawyers called the president .	Did the bankers call the president ?	yes
The students by the secretary believed the actors .	Did the students believe the actors ?	yes
The banker by the secretary supported the lawyer .	Did the banker support the lawyer ?	yes
The scientists in front of the bankers recommended the lawyer .	Did the scientists recommend the lawyer ?	yes
The president by the actor believed the student .	Did the president believe the student ?	yes
The actors behind the professors thanked the secretaries .	Did the actors thank the secretaries ?	yes
The actors in front of the scientists stopped the tourist .	Did the actors stop the tourist ?	yes
The judges next to the tourist saw the senator .	Did the judges see the senator ?	yes
The president by the artists avoided the lawyers .	Did the president avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The manager behind the author contacted the president .	Did the manager contact the president ?	yes
The artists in front of the bankers called the authors .	Did the artists call the authors ?	yes
The doctor next to the president contacted the judge .	Did the doctor contact the judge ?	yes
The bankers behind the manager called the students .	Did the bankers call the students ?	yes
The athlete by the bankers helped the lawyer .	Did the athlete help the lawyer ?	yes
The senator next to the secretary stopped the student .	Did the senator stop the student ?	yes
The lawyers behind the manager recommended the tourists .	Did the lawyers recommend the tourists ?	yes
The bankers behind the students encouraged the authors .	Did the bankers encourage the authors ?	yes
The bankers near the actors mentioned the presidents .	Did the bankers mention the presidents ?	yes
The athlete by the author called the secretary .	Did the athlete call the secretary ?	yes
The doctor in front of the students advised the presidents .	Did the doctor advise the presidents ?	yes
The senators behind the athlete mentioned the artists .	Did the senators mention the artists ?	yes
The tourist next to the lawyer contacted the athletes .	Did the tourist contact the athletes ?	yes
The authors in front of the scientists introduced the artists .	Did the authors introduce the artists ?	yes
The athlete next to the manager contacted the judges .	Did the athlete contact the judges ?	yes
The senators in front of the managers believed the judge .	Did the senators believe the judge ?	yes
The secretary in front of the professors recognized the student .	Did the secretary recognize the student ?	yes
The scientist in front of the professor believed the tourist .	Did the scientist believe the tourist ?	yes
The actors next to the president called the professor .	Did the actors call the professor ?	yes
The doctor behind the artists helped the banker .	Did the doctor help the banker ?	yes
The senators in front of the manager introduced the secretaries .	Did the senators introduce the secretaries ?	yes
The senator in front of the manager mentioned the secretary .	Did the senator mention the secretary ?	yes
The president near the managers mentioned the secretary .	Did the president mention the secretary ?	yes
The senators in front of the tourist contacted the professors .	Did the senators contact the professors ?	yes
The student next to the actors contacted the lawyers .	Did the student contact the lawyers ?	yes
The actors next to the secretaries saw the judges .	Did the actors see the judges ?	yes
The secretaries behind the presidents contacted the banker .	Did the secretaries contact the banker ?	yes
The scientists behind the student helped the athletes .	Did the scientists help the athletes ?	yes
The managers next to the lawyers supported the artists .	Did the managers support the artists ?	yes
The secretary by the presidents called the senators .	Did the secretary call the senators ?	yes
The lawyer next to the artist called the senators .	Did the lawyer call the senators ?	yes
The senators next to the judges called the secretary .	Did the senators call the secretary ?	yes
The judge next to the professors helped the actors .	Did the judge help the actors ?	yes
The actor behind the banker introduced the author .	Did the actor introduce the author ?	yes
The secretary by the artists called the lawyers .	Did the secretary call the lawyers ?	yes
The president behind the student called the actor .	Did the president call the actor ?	yes
The actor next to the athlete thanked the artist .	Did the actor thank the artist ?	yes
The athlete next to the lawyers contacted the student .	Did the athlete contact the student ?	yes
The authors in front of the student contacted the banker .	Did the authors contact the banker ?	yes
The authors by the professors saw the artists .	Did the authors see the artists ?	yes
The artists near the tourist recognized the secretary .	Did the artists recognize the secretary ?	yes
The judge near the secretary supported the students .	Did the judge support the students ?	yes
The tourists near the students saw the scientist .	Did the tourists see the scientist ?	yes
The tourists near the scientists avoided the author .	Did the tourists avoid the author ?	yes
The professors by the judge advised the doctor .	Did the professors advise the doctor ?	yes
The artist by the actors avoided the bankers .	Did the artist avoid the bankers ?	yes
The artist behind the senator recognized the author .	Did the artist recognize the author ?	yes
The bankers near the scientist believed the authors .	Did the bankers believe the authors ?	yes
The scientist next to the judge recommended the senator .	Did the scientist recommend the senator ?	yes
The lawyer behind the doctor supported the professors .	Did the lawyer support the professors ?	yes
The student next to the scientist stopped the professor .	Did the student stop the professor ?	yes
The managers near the author introduced the bankers .	Did the managers introduce the bankers ?	yes
The doctors next to the students supported the manager .	Did the doctors support the manager ?	yes
The actor behind the author saw the doctor .	Did the actor see the doctor ?	yes
The scientist in front of the professor encouraged the authors .	Did the scientist encourage the authors ?	yes
The authors behind the athlete saw the banker .	Did the authors see the banker ?	yes
The artists behind the secretary contacted the students .	Did the artists contact the students ?	yes
The scientist next to the lawyers stopped the judge .	Did the scientist stop the judge ?	yes
The author next to the athletes recommended the judge .	Did the author recommend the judge ?	yes
The athlete in front of the president admired the professor .	Did the athlete admire the professor ?	yes
The tourists in front of the artist mentioned the lawyer .	Did the tourists mention the lawyer ?	yes
The athletes near the author recommended the artists .	Did the athletes recommend the artists ?	yes
The scientist behind the professors recommended the athletes .	Did the scientist recommend the athletes ?	yes
The author in front of the scientists contacted the judge .	Did the author contact the judge ?	yes
The students near the doctor recognized the managers .	Did the students recognize the managers ?	yes
The managers next to the senator encouraged the artist .	Did the managers encourage the artist ?	yes
The president behind the student stopped the actors .	Did the president stop the actors ?	yes
The scientist next to the doctors called the students .	Did the scientist call the students ?	yes
The authors near the presidents mentioned the managers .	Did the authors mention the managers ?	yes
The judges in front of the professors contacted the lawyers .	Did the judges contact the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyer in front of the judges avoided the senators .	Did the lawyer avoid the senators ?	yes
The presidents behind the lawyer helped the secretary .	Did the presidents help the secretary ?	yes
The scientist by the students recognized the president .	Did the scientist recognize the president ?	yes
The lawyers near the students called the tourist .	Did the lawyers call the tourist ?	yes
The professors in front of the banker helped the senators .	Did the professors help the senators ?	yes
The presidents next to the judges helped the artist .	Did the presidents help the artist ?	yes
The students behind the lawyers called the athletes .	Did the students call the athletes ?	yes
The lawyers behind the actors advised the bankers .	Did the lawyers advise the bankers ?	yes
The secretaries behind the author introduced the lawyers .	Did the secretaries introduce the lawyers ?	yes
The actor in front of the artist avoided the secretary .	Did the actor avoid the secretary ?	yes
The secretary next to the doctors saw the students .	Did the secretary see the students ?	yes
The senator next to the secretaries believed the students .	Did the senator believe the students ?	yes
The president near the student saw the professor .	Did the president see the professor ?	yes
The scientists behind the tourist contacted the managers .	Did the scientists contact the managers ?	yes
The tourists behind the bankers mentioned the secretary .	Did the tourists mention the secretary ?	yes
The secretary near the artists recommended the scientist .	Did the secretary recommend the scientist ?	yes
The doctor by the managers admired the author .	Did the doctor admire the author ?	yes
The judge behind the bankers contacted the artist .	Did the judge contact the artist ?	yes
The authors in front of the president thanked the managers .	Did the authors thank the managers ?	yes
The athletes in front of the judges advised the professor .	Did the athletes advise the professor ?	yes
The senators in front of the author recognized the presidents .	Did the senators recognize the presidents ?	yes
The authors in front of the professors encouraged the doctors .	Did the authors encourage the doctors ?	yes
The artists by the bankers recognized the president .	Did the artists recognize the president ?	yes
The authors near the actor contacted the judges .	Did the authors contact the judges ?	yes
The athletes near the secretaries avoided the students .	Did the athletes avoid the students ?	yes
The artist by the senators admired the presidents .	Did the artist admire the presidents ?	yes
The senator by the scientist thanked the artists .	Did the senator thank the artists ?	yes
The doctors next to the scientists thanked the artists .	Did the doctors thank the artists ?	yes
The secretary by the scientists advised the athlete .	Did the secretary advise the athlete ?	yes
The artists by the professor supported the scientists .	Did the artists support the scientists ?	yes
The lawyer behind the president stopped the students .	Did the lawyer stop the students ?	yes
The tourist near the scientist contacted the athlete .	Did the tourist contact the athlete ?	yes
The judge behind the senators believed the banker .	Did the judge believe the banker ?	yes
The lawyer near the artist called the actors .	Did the lawyer call the actors ?	yes
The authors in front of the professors advised the students .	Did the authors advise the students ?	yes
The doctors next to the lawyers believed the tourist .	Did the doctors believe the tourist ?	yes
The doctor in front of the scientists mentioned the artist .	Did the doctor mention the artist ?	yes
The doctor by the scientists supported the tourist .	Did the doctor support the tourist ?	yes
The professors by the senators recognized the student .	Did the professors recognize the student ?	yes
The secretaries by the bankers admired the senators .	Did the secretaries admire the senators ?	yes
The banker in front of the students saw the managers .	Did the banker see the managers ?	yes
The senators behind the manager contacted the actors .	Did the senators contact the actors ?	yes
The managers behind the secretaries supported the actors .	Did the managers support the actors ?	yes
The professors in front of the author advised the secretary .	Did the professors advise the secretary ?	yes
The president by the artist called the doctor .	Did the president call the doctor ?	yes
The scientists next to the secretaries introduced the tourists .	Did the scientists introduce the tourists ?	yes
The professor by the bankers called the judge .	Did the professor call the judge ?	yes
The secretaries next to the lawyers mentioned the presidents .	Did the secretaries mention the presidents ?	yes
The lawyers in front of the scientists helped the judge .	Did the lawyers help the judge ?	yes
The president by the professor called the author .	Did the president call the author ?	yes
The athlete near the author thanked the scientists .	Did the athlete thank the scientists ?	yes
The doctor next to the artist avoided the banker .	Did the doctor avoid the banker ?	yes
The authors in front of the judges admired the president .	Did the authors admire the president ?	yes
The judges by the presidents contacted the tourists .	Did the judges contact the tourists ?	yes
The doctor by the judges admired the secretaries .	Did the doctor admire the secretaries ?	yes
The manager next to the lawyer avoided the tourists .	Did the manager avoid the tourists ?	yes
The artists behind the actor believed the president .	Did the artists believe the president ?	yes
The scientist by the doctor recognized the actors .	Did the scientist recognize the actors ?	yes
The student in front of the athlete admired the lawyers .	Did the student admire the lawyers ?	yes
The professors behind the senator helped the judges .	Did the professors help the judges ?	yes
The artists behind the senator admired the professor .	Did the artists admire the professor ?	yes
The actor next to the lawyers mentioned the professors .	Did the actor mention the professors ?	yes
The senators in front of the banker stopped the students .	Did the senators stop the students ?	yes
The artist in front of the judges admired the author .	Did the artist admire the author ?	yes
The doctors by the athlete believed the scientist .	Did the doctors believe the scientist ?	yes
The professors near the president believed the senators .	Did the professors believe the senators ?	yes
The professor in front of the president called the doctors .	Did the professor call the doctors ?	yes
The doctor next to the professors called the presidents .	Did the doctor call the presidents ?	yes
The actor near the professor avoided the scientists .	Did the actor avoid the scientists ?	yes
The lawyer next to the author supported the judges .	Did the lawyer support the judges ?	yes
The artist in front of the senator encouraged the scientist .	Did the artist encourage the scientist ?	yes
The artist behind the senators advised the student .	Did the artist advise the student ?	yes
The presidents behind the author thanked the students .	Did the presidents thank the students ?	yes
The scientist near the secretaries helped the lawyer .	Did the scientist help the lawyer ?	yes
The actor in front of the banker mentioned the secretaries .	Did the actor mention the secretaries ?	yes
The judges next to the artists advised the scientist .	Did the judges advise the scientist ?	yes
The banker by the doctors supported the actors .	Did the banker support the actors ?	yes
The senators near the actor admired the managers .	Did the senators admire the managers ?	yes
The banker behind the lawyer recommended the managers .	Did the banker recommend the managers ?	yes
The presidents by the athlete supported the artists .	Did the presidents support the artists ?	yes
The senators by the authors believed the secretaries .	Did the senators believe the secretaries ?	yes
The athletes by the bankers stopped the student .	Did the athletes stop the student ?	yes
The lawyers in front of the secretaries encouraged the scientist .	Did the lawyers encourage the scientist ?	yes
The senator near the actor advised the bankers .	Did the senator advise the bankers ?	yes
The professors near the artist mentioned the managers .	Did the professors mention the managers ?	yes
The senators in front of the judge admired the secretaries .	Did the senators admire the secretaries ?	yes
The doctor near the student encouraged the tourist .	Did the doctor encourage the tourist ?	yes
The tourist by the student thanked the secretaries .	Did the tourist thank the secretaries ?	yes
The athlete near the student stopped the professors .	Did the athlete stop the professors ?	yes
The senator by the professors contacted the scientists .	Did the senator contact the scientists ?	yes
The bankers next to the artist believed the professor .	Did the bankers believe the professor ?	yes
The professor in front of the senator supported the secretaries .	Did the professor support the secretaries ?	yes
The scientists in front of the doctors recognized the secretaries .	Did the scientists recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The actor in front of the president helped the tourists .	Did the actor help the tourists ?	yes
The athletes behind the bankers admired the president .	Did the athletes admire the president ?	yes
The artists by the lawyers recommended the secretaries .	Did the artists recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The tourists by the scientist avoided the artists .	Did the tourists avoid the artists ?	yes
The artist behind the presidents admired the bankers .	Did the artist admire the bankers ?	yes
The manager in front of the presidents mentioned the tourist .	Did the manager mention the tourist ?	yes
The banker behind the student helped the scientists .	Did the banker help the scientists ?	yes
The tourists in front of the athlete called the senator .	Did the tourists call the senator ?	yes
The scientist by the students mentioned the actor .	Did the scientist mention the actor ?	yes
The doctors by the author avoided the lawyers .	Did the doctors avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The artist in front of the student advised the authors .	Did the artist advise the authors ?	yes
The scientists near the doctors encouraged the manager .	Did the scientists encourage the manager ?	yes
The presidents by the tourist believed the managers .	Did the presidents believe the managers ?	yes
The bankers next to the president encouraged the professor .	Did the bankers encourage the professor ?	yes
The artist behind the scientists saw the president .	Did the artist see the president ?	yes
The judge next to the bankers introduced the actor .	Did the judge introduce the actor ?	yes
The doctor next to the artist saw the judges .	Did the doctor see the judges ?	yes
The artists by the managers recognized the doctors .	Did the artists recognize the doctors ?	yes
The student next to the tourists admired the secretary .	Did the student admire the secretary ?	yes
The authors by the managers supported the secretary .	Did the authors support the secretary ?	yes
The banker behind the lawyer called the artists .	Did the banker call the artists ?	yes
The secretaries behind the doctors saw the scientists .	Did the secretaries see the scientists ?	yes
The professor behind the actor stopped the secretaries .	Did the professor stop the secretaries ?	yes
The professor near the tourist recognized the students .	Did the professor recognize the students ?	yes
The managers by the bankers advised the student .	Did the managers advise the student ?	yes
The bankers near the scientist thanked the author .	Did the bankers thank the author ?	yes
The actors in front of the presidents supported the tourists .	Did the actors support the tourists ?	yes
The students near the secretaries advised the professors .	Did the students advise the professors ?	yes
The doctors by the students recommended the lawyers .	Did the doctors recommend the lawyers ?	yes
The scientist near the bankers saw the lawyers .	Did the scientist see the lawyers ?	yes
The students in front of the manager admired the athlete .	Did the students admire the athlete ?	yes
The scientist in front of the secretary advised the judge .	Did the scientist advise the judge ?	yes
The student near the professors stopped the banker .	Did the student stop the banker ?	yes
The professor near the scientists recognized the lawyers .	Did the professor recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The managers behind the secretary recognized the tourist .	Did the managers recognize the tourist ?	yes
The president next to the senator saw the managers .	Did the president see the managers ?	yes
The secretary behind the athlete contacted the presidents .	Did the secretary contact the presidents ?	yes
The banker behind the doctors admired the managers .	Did the banker admire the managers ?	yes
The professors next to the authors mentioned the students .	Did the professors mention the students ?	yes
The author by the actor saw the manager .	Did the author see the manager ?	yes
The scientist by the authors admired the student .	Did the scientist admire the student ?	yes
The judges behind the athlete contacted the actor .	Did the judges contact the actor ?	yes
The doctors in front of the judges stopped the student .	Did the doctors stop the student ?	yes
The doctors by the judges called the professors .	Did the doctors call the professors ?	yes
The secretary near the author mentioned the tourist .	Did the secretary mention the tourist ?	yes
The presidents behind the senators saw the author .	Did the presidents see the author ?	yes
The tourist next to the banker stopped the senator .	Did the tourist stop the senator ?	yes
The secretaries next to the student contacted the tourist .	Did the secretaries contact the tourist ?	yes
The senators in front of the athlete stopped the tourist .	Did the senators stop the tourist ?	yes
The banker next to the athlete stopped the doctors .	Did the banker stop the doctors ?	yes
The artists by the tourists called the judges .	Did the artists call the judges ?	yes
The senator near the scientist called the managers .	Did the senator call the managers ?	yes
The judges in front of the senator thanked the author .	Did the judges thank the author ?	yes
The senators near the professors saw the tourist .	Did the senators see the tourist ?	yes
The athlete next to the tourists helped the scientists .	Did the athlete help the scientists ?	yes
The actor by the tourists thanked the secretary .	Did the actor thank the secretary ?	yes
The bankers near the presidents supported the senators .	Did the bankers support the senators ?	yes
The secretary in front of the author saw the professors .	Did the secretary see the professors ?	yes
The president behind the senator stopped the authors .	Did the president stop the authors ?	yes
The artist near the professor encouraged the authors .	Did the artist encourage the authors ?	yes
The scientists behind the author recommended the professors .	Did the scientists recommend the professors ?	yes
The athlete behind the scientists helped the secretaries .	Did the athlete help the secretaries ?	yes
The senator in front of the secretaries recommended the athlete .	Did the senator recommend the athlete ?	yes
The tourists by the actors advised the secretary .	Did the tourists advise the secretary ?	yes
The athlete near the tourists helped the managers .	Did the athlete help the managers ?	yes
The artists near the banker recommended the doctors .	Did the artists recommend the doctors ?	yes
The athlete by the lawyers contacted the secretaries .	Did the athlete contact the secretaries ?	yes
The doctors in front of the president helped the tourists .	Did the doctors help the tourists ?	yes
The artist next to the bankers saw the president .	Did the artist see the president ?	yes
The scientists next to the manager admired the athletes .	Did the scientists admire the athletes ?	yes
The authors next to the judge mentioned the students .	Did the authors mention the students ?	yes
The managers near the students introduced the professor .	Did the managers introduce the professor ?	yes
The student next to the bankers recognized the lawyers .	Did the student recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The judges by the actor avoided the athletes .	Did the judges avoid the athletes ?	yes
The senator by the authors believed the actor .	Did the senator believe the actor ?	yes
The scientist behind the lawyer admired the doctors .	Did the scientist admire the doctors ?	yes
The banker next to the artists contacted the students .	Did the banker contact the students ?	yes
The lawyer next to the judges recommended the artists .	Did the lawyer recommend the artists ?	yes
The bankers behind the athletes saw the professors .	Did the bankers see the professors ?	yes
The students next to the scientists helped the actors .	Did the students help the actors ?	yes
The banker by the students admired the authors .	Did the banker admire the authors ?	yes
The president behind the managers supported the athlete .	Did the president support the athlete ?	yes
The managers by the scientists contacted the artist .	Did the managers contact the artist ?	yes
The secretary in front of the athlete advised the doctors .	Did the secretary advise the doctors ?	yes
The authors near the bankers recognized the athletes .	Did the authors recognize the athletes ?	yes
The judge next to the senator advised the athletes .	Did the judge advise the athletes ?	yes
The author behind the bankers helped the lawyer .	Did the author help the lawyer ?	yes
The authors near the tourists encouraged the president .	Did the authors encourage the president ?	yes
The scientists by the students stopped the authors .	Did the scientists stop the authors ?	yes
The tourist next to the judges mentioned the artists .	Did the tourist mention the artists ?	yes
The athletes next to the professors contacted the judge .	Did the athletes contact the judge ?	yes
The athletes in front of the artist recommended the tourist .	Did the athletes recommend the tourist ?	yes
The secretaries in front of the managers supported the judges .	Did the secretaries support the judges ?	yes
The senators near the judge helped the student .	Did the senators help the student ?	yes
The actor next to the artist advised the banker .	Did the actor advise the banker ?	yes
The artists by the actors called the students .	Did the artists call the students ?	yes
The artist by the manager advised the judge .	Did the artist advise the judge ?	yes
The secretary next to the president advised the tourists .	Did the secretary advise the tourists ?	yes
The scientists next to the lawyer recommended the authors .	Did the scientists recommend the authors ?	yes
The scientists in front of the senator recognized the secretaries .	Did the scientists recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The students behind the authors introduced the tourist .	Did the students introduce the tourist ?	yes
The senator next to the professors saw the actors .	Did the senator see the actors ?	yes
The author next to the professors thanked the scientists .	Did the author thank the scientists ?	yes
The president by the artist encouraged the secretary .	Did the president encourage the secretary ?	yes
The athlete by the doctors encouraged the senator .	Did the athlete encourage the senator ?	yes
The tourists in front of the artist supported the actor .	Did the tourists support the actor ?	yes
The tourists in front of the bankers encouraged the presidents .	Did the tourists encourage the presidents ?	yes
The author next to the secretaries called the artists .	Did the author call the artists ?	yes
The managers by the author encouraged the lawyer .	Did the managers encourage the lawyer ?	yes
The bankers by the scientist mentioned the judges .	Did the bankers mention the judges ?	yes
The students by the president mentioned the lawyers .	Did the students mention the lawyers ?	yes
The doctors by the scientist admired the presidents .	Did the doctors admire the presidents ?	yes
The tourist by the student advised the judge .	Did the tourist advise the judge ?	yes
The banker behind the managers saw the tourists .	Did the banker see the tourists ?	yes
The lawyers next to the judges introduced the managers .	Did the lawyers introduce the managers ?	yes
The lawyer by the secretary believed the president .	Did the lawyer believe the president ?	yes
The senator behind the tourist avoided the managers .	Did the senator avoid the managers ?	yes
The bankers next to the scientists introduced the professor .	Did the bankers introduce the professor ?	yes
The tourist behind the banker mentioned the lawyer .	Did the tourist mention the lawyer ?	yes
The scientists near the lawyer encouraged the students .	Did the scientists encourage the students ?	yes
The students by the actor introduced the tourists .	Did the students introduce the tourists ?	yes
The professors who introduced the lawyers admired the managers .	Did the professors admire the managers ?	yes
The actors that danced saw the author .	Did the actors see the author ?	yes
The artist who the athletes helped contacted the managers .	Did the artist contact the managers ?	yes
The doctor who believed the judge helped the tourist .	Did the doctor help the tourist ?	yes
The lawyers who thanked the student recommended the tourist .	Did the lawyers recommend the tourist ?	yes
The students that admired the presidents supported the professor .	Did the students support the professor ?	yes
The athlete that performed mentioned the professors .	Did the athlete mention the professors ?	yes
The doctors who the presidents contacted recognized the tourists .	Did the doctors recognize the tourists ?	yes
The judge who waited thanked the athletes .	Did the judge thank the athletes ?	yes
The professors who waited stopped the judges .	Did the professors stop the judges ?	yes
The banker that the student thanked avoided the author .	Did the banker avoid the author ?	yes
The manager who called the tourist saw the judges .	Did the manager see the judges ?	yes
The artists who waited admired the scientist .	Did the artists admire the scientist ?	yes
The actor who the senators recommended saw the manager .	Did the actor see the manager ?	yes
The student that stopped the judges advised the secretaries .	Did the student advise the secretaries ?	yes
The managers that supported the artist recommended the banker .	Did the managers recommend the banker ?	yes
The senators who saw the athlete avoided the scientist .	Did the senators avoid the scientist ?	yes
The senators who supported the author helped the athlete .	Did the senators help the athlete ?	yes
The author that admired the senators recognized the professor .	Did the author recognize the professor ?	yes
The secretary who the athlete avoided helped the manager .	Did the secretary help the manager ?	yes
The actors that shouted avoided the students .	Did the actors avoid the students ?	yes
The judge that danced encouraged the author .	Did the judge encourage the author ?	yes
The senator that mentioned the manager advised the artist .	Did the senator advise the artist ?	yes
The presidents that performed encouraged the tourists .	Did the presidents encourage the tourists ?	yes
The senators that performed contacted the president .	Did the senators contact the president ?	yes
The scientist who the judge helped supported the tourists .	Did the scientist support the tourists ?	yes
The tourists that performed mentioned the manager .	Did the tourists mention the manager ?	yes
The athletes who arrived recognized the bankers .	Did the athletes recognize the bankers ?	yes
The manager that arrived helped the secretary .	Did the manager help the secretary ?	yes
The actor who stopped the tourists admired the scientists .	Did the actor admire the scientists ?	yes
The president who ran helped the authors .	Did the president help the authors ?	yes
The students that slept admired the artist .	Did the students admire the artist ?	yes
The manager that the secretaries advised called the athlete .	Did the manager call the athlete ?	yes
The actor that avoided the authors recognized the tourist .	Did the actor recognize the tourist ?	yes
The student who the tourists recognized saw the doctors .	Did the student see the doctors ?	yes
The doctor that resigned encouraged the senators .	Did the doctor encourage the senators ?	yes
The doctors who the actors recommended saw the bankers .	Did the doctors see the bankers ?	yes
The president who danced avoided the bankers .	Did the president avoid the bankers ?	yes
The secretaries who the manager admired mentioned the doctors .	Did the secretaries mention the doctors ?	yes
The banker who danced saw the secretaries .	Did the banker see the secretaries ?	yes
The scientist who advised the professors supported the author .	Did the scientist support the author ?	yes
The artist that resigned stopped the actors .	Did the artist stop the actors ?	yes
The secretaries that performed contacted the manager .	Did the secretaries contact the manager ?	yes
The professors that advised the senators introduced the author .	Did the professors introduce the author ?	yes
The presidents who waited thanked the tourist .	Did the presidents thank the tourist ?	yes
The judge who recognized the president thanked the authors .	Did the judge thank the authors ?	yes
The actors that slept supported the doctor .	Did the actors support the doctor ?	yes
The senator who ran mentioned the doctors .	Did the senator mention the doctors ?	yes
The artist that thanked the scientist encouraged the doctors .	Did the artist encourage the doctors ?	yes
The secretaries that the presidents thanked called the judge .	Did the secretaries call the judge ?	yes
The professor who the senator recommended helped the secretaries .	Did the professor help the secretaries ?	yes
The tourists that stopped the manager saw the athletes .	Did the tourists see the athletes ?	yes
The author that the tourists introduced helped the lawyer .	Did the author help the lawyer ?	yes
The bankers who the author admired recognized the scientists .	Did the bankers recognize the scientists ?	yes
The athletes who stopped the bankers mentioned the managers .	Did the athletes mention the managers ?	yes
The athletes that the authors supported recommended the secretaries .	Did the athletes recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The senators that the authors stopped called the student .	Did the senators call the student ?	yes
The secretary who arrived encouraged the athletes .	Did the secretary encourage the athletes ?	yes
The professors that shouted thanked the athlete .	Did the professors thank the athlete ?	yes
The secretary that the judges contacted avoided the student .	Did the secretary avoid the student ?	yes
The tourists that performed mentioned the artist .	Did the tourists mention the artist ?	yes
The actors who the managers saw stopped the doctor .	Did the actors stop the doctor ?	yes
The students who danced admired the doctor .	Did the students admire the doctor ?	yes
The senators who stopped the manager saw the actor .	Did the senators see the actor ?	yes
The banker that recognized the managers stopped the president .	Did the banker stop the president ?	yes
The secretaries who the judges contacted called the artists .	Did the secretaries call the artists ?	yes
The tourist who waited recommended the athlete .	Did the tourist recommend the athlete ?	yes
The senators who thanked the tourists saw the secretary .	Did the senators see the secretary ?	yes
The authors who performed advised the doctor .	Did the authors advise the doctor ?	yes
The manager that shouted believed the author .	Did the manager believe the author ?	yes
The scientists who the bankers recognized avoided the secretaries .	Did the scientists avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The author who the student helped called the professor .	Did the author call the professor ?	yes
The judge who the professor contacted introduced the author .	Did the judge introduce the author ?	yes
The tourists that resigned mentioned the senator .	Did the tourists mention the senator ?	yes
The author who slept introduced the tourist .	Did the author introduce the tourist ?	yes
The senator that shouted saw the author .	Did the senator see the author ?	yes
The presidents that introduced the bankers recognized the authors .	Did the presidents recognize the authors ?	yes
The artist that the tourists supported believed the scientists .	Did the artist believe the scientists ?	yes
The scientist who saw the professor stopped the actors .	Did the scientist stop the actors ?	yes
The president who the tourists contacted supported the lawyer .	Did the president support the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyers that the professors supported helped the students .	Did the lawyers help the students ?	yes
The secretary that the lawyers avoided believed the professor .	Did the secretary believe the professor ?	yes
The professor who danced believed the senator .	Did the professor believe the senator ?	yes
The senator that performed admired the authors .	Did the senator admire the authors ?	yes
The artist who believed the professor called the presidents .	Did the artist call the presidents ?	yes
The senators that waited admired the secretaries .	Did the senators admire the secretaries ?	yes
The secretaries who the judges advised avoided the professor .	Did the secretaries avoid the professor ?	yes
The scientist who mentioned the professor thanked the athletes .	Did the scientist thank the athletes ?	yes
The senators who saw the secretary supported the lawyer .	Did the senators support the lawyer ?	yes
The senator who waited encouraged the tourists .	Did the senator encourage the tourists ?	yes
The student that waited thanked the secretaries .	Did the student thank the secretaries ?	yes
The actor who admired the managers supported the lawyer .	Did the actor support the lawyer ?	yes
The students who contacted the secretaries supported the manager .	Did the students support the manager ?	yes
The secretaries who believed the actor recommended the managers .	Did the secretaries recommend the managers ?	yes
The secretary that saw the banker recognized the authors .	Did the secretary recognize the authors ?	yes
The lawyers that the student encouraged mentioned the tourist .	Did the lawyers mention the tourist ?	yes
The president that the professors contacted supported the scientists .	Did the president support the scientists ?	yes
The scientists that admired the author stopped the president .	Did the scientists stop the president ?	yes
The tourists who encouraged the scientist helped the managers .	Did the tourists help the managers ?	yes
The scientists that danced recognized the judge .	Did the scientists recognize the judge ?	yes
The professor that the athlete called stopped the doctors .	Did the professor stop the doctors ?	yes
The author who the professor introduced recognized the senators .	Did the author recognize the senators ?	yes
The doctors who supported the secretary mentioned the president .	Did the doctors mention the president ?	yes
The professor that the tourist encouraged recognized the judges .	Did the professor recognize the judges ?	yes
The student who performed contacted the tourist .	Did the student contact the tourist ?	yes
The senator that waited introduced the president .	Did the senator introduce the president ?	yes
The artist that resigned avoided the judge .	Did the artist avoid the judge ?	yes
The secretary that helped the senator contacted the scientists .	Did the secretary contact the scientists ?	yes
The manager that recognized the scientist mentioned the actor .	Did the manager mention the actor ?	yes
The judges who danced saw the professors .	Did the judges see the professors ?	yes
The judge that the professor recommended avoided the actor .	Did the judge avoid the actor ?	yes
The manager who admired the lawyer believed the doctors .	Did the manager believe the doctors ?	yes
The senator that waited contacted the actors .	Did the senator contact the actors ?	yes
The scientists who the presidents believed recommended the students .	Did the scientists recommend the students ?	yes
The manager that the bankers mentioned thanked the scientist .	Did the manager thank the scientist ?	yes
The scientist that shouted advised the president .	Did the scientist advise the president ?	yes
The president that the authors encouraged supported the banker .	Did the president support the banker ?	yes
The doctors who performed called the secretaries .	Did the doctors call the secretaries ?	yes
The tourists who slept contacted the artists .	Did the tourists contact the artists ?	yes
The doctor who mentioned the presidents advised the bankers .	Did the doctor advise the bankers ?	yes
The author who the tourist thanked recommended the presidents .	Did the author recommend the presidents ?	yes
The artists that advised the athletes believed the senator .	Did the artists believe the senator ?	yes
The presidents who the tourist called mentioned the athletes .	Did the presidents mention the athletes ?	yes
The judge that introduced the managers contacted the professors .	Did the judge contact the professors ?	yes
The secretaries who shouted supported the tourist .	Did the secretaries support the tourist ?	yes
The authors who arrived thanked the athletes .	Did the authors thank the athletes ?	yes
The manager who encouraged the scientist admired the author .	Did the manager admire the author ?	yes
The scientists that slept recognized the bankers .	Did the scientists recognize the bankers ?	yes
The actor that the senators admired believed the secretary .	Did the actor believe the secretary ?	yes
The student who arrived introduced the doctor .	Did the student introduce the doctor ?	yes
The secretary who saw the judges advised the doctors .	Did the secretary advise the doctors ?	yes
The manager that slept helped the judge .	Did the manager help the judge ?	yes
The doctors that waited stopped the banker .	Did the doctors stop the banker ?	yes
The athletes that advised the president believed the artists .	Did the athletes believe the artists ?	yes
The athlete that waited called the professor .	Did the athlete call the professor ?	yes
The tourists that the artists saw supported the lawyers .	Did the tourists support the lawyers ?	yes
The scientists who admired the students called the president .	Did the scientists call the president ?	yes
The lawyer who avoided the presidents mentioned the banker .	Did the lawyer mention the banker ?	yes
The athletes who danced admired the scientist .	Did the athletes admire the scientist ?	yes
The president that avoided the banker believed the judges .	Did the president believe the judges ?	yes
The judge who shouted called the senators .	Did the judge call the senators ?	yes
The manager who the artists recognized saw the senators .	Did the manager see the senators ?	yes
The lawyers that admired the author saw the professors .	Did the lawyers see the professors ?	yes
The presidents that performed thanked the actor .	Did the presidents thank the actor ?	yes
The tourists that recognized the doctors thanked the author .	Did the tourists thank the author ?	yes
The scientists who admired the lawyers believed the actors .	Did the scientists believe the actors ?	yes
The senator who danced introduced the artist .	Did the senator introduce the artist ?	yes
The managers that the scientists advised thanked the senator .	Did the managers thank the senator ?	yes
The professors that danced admired the doctor .	Did the professors admire the doctor ?	yes
The tourist that shouted advised the athletes .	Did the tourist advise the athletes ?	yes
The secretaries that the professors believed encouraged the president .	Did the secretaries encourage the president ?	yes
The artists who the secretary advised helped the president .	Did the artists help the president ?	yes
The authors who the artist advised introduced the doctors .	Did the authors introduce the doctors ?	yes
The bankers that recommended the athlete stopped the presidents .	Did the bankers stop the presidents ?	yes
The manager that the senator introduced encouraged the lawyer .	Did the manager encourage the lawyer ?	yes
The athlete who shouted called the senator .	Did the athlete call the senator ?	yes
The banker who arrived avoided the tourist .	Did the banker avoid the tourist ?	yes
The scientist that the actors recognized encouraged the managers .	Did the scientist encourage the managers ?	yes
The scientist that the professors saw recognized the manager .	Did the scientist recognize the manager ?	yes
The lawyer who resigned believed the managers .	Did the lawyer believe the managers ?	yes
The senator who advised the secretary mentioned the scientists .	Did the senator mention the scientists ?	yes
The scientists who ran contacted the artists .	Did the scientists contact the artists ?	yes
The students who avoided the bankers thanked the managers .	Did the students thank the managers ?	yes
The lawyers who the scientists avoided saw the professors .	Did the lawyers see the professors ?	yes
The tourists that supported the artists believed the professors .	Did the tourists believe the professors ?	yes
The artists that waited contacted the judge .	Did the artists contact the judge ?	yes
The student that arrived contacted the secretaries .	Did the student contact the secretaries ?	yes
The tourists who waited called the professor .	Did the tourists call the professor ?	yes
The athletes who helped the manager introduced the scientist .	Did the athletes introduce the scientist ?	yes
The president who believed the students advised the athletes .	Did the president advise the athletes ?	yes
The doctor that advised the presidents introduced the actors .	Did the doctor introduce the actors ?	yes
The lawyers who slept encouraged the senator .	Did the lawyers encourage the senator ?	yes
The student who advised the lawyers avoided the judge .	Did the student avoid the judge ?	yes
The judge who called the doctors encouraged the athletes .	Did the judge encourage the athletes ?	yes
The artist that arrived recommended the banker .	Did the artist recommend the banker ?	yes
The manager who the artists introduced thanked the doctors .	Did the manager thank the doctors ?	yes
The student who resigned stopped the senator .	Did the student stop the senator ?	yes
The manager that shouted saw the banker .	Did the manager see the banker ?	yes
The student who shouted called the athletes .	Did the student call the athletes ?	yes
The authors who arrived supported the actor .	Did the authors support the actor ?	yes
The student that advised the senator thanked the tourist .	Did the student thank the tourist ?	yes
The tourists who waited recommended the manager .	Did the tourists recommend the manager ?	yes
The scientist who performed recognized the professors .	Did the scientist recognize the professors ?	yes
The tourists that stopped the doctors avoided the author .	Did the tourists avoid the author ?	yes
The tourists who mentioned the managers introduced the actors .	Did the tourists introduce the actors ?	yes
The doctors who thanked the students recognized the athletes .	Did the doctors recognize the athletes ?	yes
The actors who supported the doctors contacted the judge .	Did the actors contact the judge ?	yes
The doctor who the senators called avoided the student .	Did the doctor avoid the student ?	yes
The secretary who the athletes avoided contacted the judges .	Did the secretary contact the judges ?	yes
The actors that thanked the professors saw the presidents .	Did the actors see the presidents ?	yes
The lawyers who shouted recommended the president .	Did the lawyers recommend the president ?	yes
The judge who arrived called the presidents .	Did the judge call the presidents ?	yes
The athletes that danced believed the senator .	Did the athletes believe the senator ?	yes
The doctor that the actor advised stopped the athletes .	Did the doctor stop the athletes ?	yes
The artists who mentioned the tourist recognized the lawyers .	Did the artists recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The authors who encouraged the secretary stopped the president .	Did the authors stop the president ?	yes
The actors who ran recognized the doctors .	Did the actors recognize the doctors ?	yes
The presidents that the artist believed thanked the doctor .	Did the presidents thank the doctor ?	yes
The managers who waited encouraged the artist .	Did the managers encourage the artist ?	yes
The tourist that recommended the actors supported the student .	Did the tourist support the student ?	yes
The secretary that ran believed the judge .	Did the secretary believe the judge ?	yes
The tourist that saw the presidents admired the athlete .	Did the tourist admire the athlete ?	yes
The author that avoided the scientist believed the students .	Did the author believe the students ?	yes
The professor that the managers contacted recommended the senator .	Did the professor recommend the senator ?	yes
The authors that ran advised the athlete .	Did the authors advise the athlete ?	yes
The secretaries who performed supported the senator .	Did the secretaries support the senator ?	yes
The students that helped the actors advised the lawyers .	Did the students advise the lawyers ?	yes
The bankers who the scientists admired encouraged the author .	Did the bankers encourage the author ?	yes
The artists that the manager helped thanked the professors .	Did the artists thank the professors ?	yes
The managers that shouted called the scientists .	Did the managers call the scientists ?	yes
The judges who arrived supported the artists .	Did the judges support the artists ?	yes
The doctor who the banker introduced helped the actors .	Did the doctor help the actors ?	yes
The secretaries who resigned thanked the bankers .	Did the secretaries thank the bankers ?	yes
The scientists that the secretary introduced recommended the tourist .	Did the scientists recommend the tourist ?	yes
The judge who arrived thanked the secretaries .	Did the judge thank the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyer who shouted recommended the judges .	Did the lawyer recommend the judges ?	yes
The professors that waited helped the manager .	Did the professors help the manager ?	yes
The manager that recommended the professor avoided the authors .	Did the manager avoid the authors ?	yes
The manager that advised the actors recognized the athletes .	Did the manager recognize the athletes ?	yes
The banker who the doctor helped encouraged the actor .	Did the banker encourage the actor ?	yes
The artists who performed admired the doctor .	Did the artists admire the doctor ?	yes
The secretaries who avoided the author admired the artists .	Did the secretaries admire the artists ?	yes
The actor who the artist thanked advised the manager .	Did the actor advise the manager ?	yes
The scientist that danced mentioned the actors .	Did the scientist mention the actors ?	yes
The actors who ran encouraged the senator .	Did the actors encourage the senator ?	yes
The manager that called the senator helped the author .	Did the manager help the author ?	yes
The professor that called the scientists contacted the managers .	Did the professor contact the managers ?	yes
The doctors that shouted believed the presidents .	Did the doctors believe the presidents ?	yes
The student who waited stopped the presidents .	Did the student stop the presidents ?	yes
The doctor who ran recognized the managers .	Did the doctor recognize the managers ?	yes
The athlete who recognized the lawyer avoided the banker .	Did the athlete avoid the banker ?	yes
The managers that introduced the secretaries believed the doctor .	Did the managers believe the doctor ?	yes
The tourist who the actors avoided stopped the students .	Did the tourist stop the students ?	yes
The artist who called the tourists encouraged the athletes .	Did the artist encourage the athletes ?	yes
The manager that stopped the tourist helped the judges .	Did the manager help the judges ?	yes
The scientists who the senators advised recommended the actors .	Did the scientists recommend the actors ?	yes
The artist that avoided the manager called the athlete .	Did the artist call the athlete ?	yes
The athletes who mentioned the scientist avoided the judge .	Did the athletes avoid the judge ?	yes
The senators that supported the manager recognized the artist .	Did the senators recognize the artist ?	yes
The students that advised the lawyer supported the bankers .	Did the students support the bankers ?	yes
The author that the athlete saw admired the secretary .	Did the author admire the secretary ?	yes
The managers who the actor helped admired the senator .	Did the managers admire the senator ?	yes
The author that waited helped the managers .	Did the author help the managers ?	yes
The senator who admired the actors encouraged the professor .	Did the senator encourage the professor ?	yes
The bankers who performed avoided the student .	Did the bankers avoid the student ?	yes
The tourist who the professors recognized helped the senators .	Did the tourist help the senators ?	yes
The presidents that the professors helped saw the manager .	Did the presidents see the manager ?	yes
The tourists that waited introduced the senators .	Did the tourists introduce the senators ?	yes
The student that mentioned the senators recognized the artists .	Did the student recognize the artists ?	yes
The senators that the students supported advised the professors .	Did the senators advise the professors ?	yes
The judge that danced helped the professors .	Did the judge help the professors ?	yes
The bankers who encouraged the scientist recommended the students .	Did the bankers recommend the students ?	yes
The senator who avoided the presidents helped the authors .	Did the senator help the authors ?	yes
The doctors who advised the senators recommended the lawyer .	Did the doctors recommend the lawyer ?	yes
The student who stopped the presidents saw the scientists .	Did the student see the scientists ?	yes
The doctor that arrived introduced the banker .	Did the doctor introduce the banker ?	yes
The presidents who mentioned the banker introduced the actors .	Did the presidents introduce the actors ?	yes
The professor that saw the scientists recognized the actors .	Did the professor recognize the actors ?	yes
The doctor who danced contacted the tourist .	Did the doctor contact the tourist ?	yes
The tourists who contacted the author believed the students .	Did the tourists believe the students ?	yes
The judge who the scientist advised mentioned the professor .	Did the judge mention the professor ?	yes
The senators that helped the students called the manager .	Did the senators call the manager ?	yes
The banker who slept recognized the judges .	Did the banker recognize the judges ?	yes
The actors who thanked the students admired the secretaries .	Did the actors admire the secretaries ?	yes
The doctors that shouted believed the professors .	Did the doctors believe the professors ?	yes
The author who resigned recognized the judges .	Did the author recognize the judges ?	yes
The manager that arrived believed the lawyers .	Did the manager believe the lawyers ?	yes
The secretaries who the tourists introduced encouraged the doctor .	Did the secretaries encourage the doctor ?	yes
The presidents who advised the actor recognized the judges .	Did the presidents recognize the judges ?	yes
The actors that believed the president contacted the managers .	Did the actors contact the managers ?	yes
The athletes that recognized the judge recommended the students .	Did the athletes recommend the students ?	yes
The managers who supported the actor stopped the authors .	Did the managers stop the authors ?	yes
The judge who arrived admired the artist .	Did the judge admire the artist ?	yes
The student who believed the doctor encouraged the athletes .	Did the student encourage the athletes ?	yes
The authors who slept saw the athletes .	Did the authors see the athletes ?	yes
The managers who introduced the presidents helped the students .	Did the managers help the students ?	yes
The students who the judge mentioned believed the secretary .	Did the students believe the secretary ?	yes
The actors who waited mentioned the secretary .	Did the actors mention the secretary ?	yes
The athlete that the students mentioned called the presidents .	Did the athlete call the presidents ?	yes
The president that the lawyer admired advised the scientists .	Did the president advise the scientists ?	yes
The senators who the students believed recommended the secretaries .	Did the senators recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The senator who shouted mentioned the professor .	Did the senator mention the professor ?	yes
The artists who the bankers stopped encouraged the tourists .	Did the artists encourage the tourists ?	yes
The tourists that the bankers supported avoided the judge .	Did the tourists avoid the judge ?	yes
The actor that waited believed the scientists .	Did the actor believe the scientists ?	yes
The judges that mentioned the lawyer avoided the artist .	Did the judges avoid the artist ?	yes
The actor who the students stopped helped the senators .	Did the actor help the senators ?	yes
The manager who introduced the secretary contacted the athlete .	Did the manager contact the athlete ?	yes
The bankers who the judge admired called the managers .	Did the bankers call the managers ?	yes
The students who resigned helped the banker .	Did the students help the banker ?	yes
The actors who ran advised the authors .	Did the actors advise the authors ?	yes
The professor that helped the actor admired the students .	Did the professor admire the students ?	yes
The artists that the lawyers introduced avoided the athlete .	Did the artists avoid the athlete ?	yes
The judge who the banker contacted mentioned the senators .	Did the judge mention the senators ?	yes
The bankers that contacted the professors called the student .	Did the bankers call the student ?	yes
The secretary that waited believed the artists .	Did the secretary believe the artists ?	yes
The managers that performed thanked the athlete .	Did the managers thank the athlete ?	yes
The judge who the actors avoided admired the scientists .	Did the judge admire the scientists ?	yes
The athlete who introduced the tourists recognized the managers .	Did the athlete recognize the managers ?	yes
The artists that the professor mentioned helped the student .	Did the artists help the student ?	yes
The lawyers who supported the doctor recommended the manager .	Did the lawyers recommend the manager ?	yes
The artist who performed called the judge .	Did the artist call the judge ?	yes
The senator who advised the doctor stopped the actors .	Did the senator stop the actors ?	yes
The manager that waited advised the doctors .	Did the manager advise the doctors ?	yes
The authors who helped the judges admired the bankers .	Did the authors admire the bankers ?	yes
The senators who performed advised the tourists .	Did the senators advise the tourists ?	yes
The secretary that the scientists encouraged stopped the lawyers .	Did the secretary stop the lawyers ?	yes
The student who the senator saw encouraged the secretary .	Did the student encourage the secretary ?	yes
The artist that admired the banker avoided the student .	Did the artist avoid the student ?	yes
The professors who the managers called encouraged the banker .	Did the professors encourage the banker ?	yes
The lawyers that thanked the secretary mentioned the senators .	Did the lawyers mention the senators ?	yes
The doctor who advised the secretary thanked the judges .	Did the doctor thank the judges ?	yes
The athlete who the lawyers avoided introduced the artist .	Did the athlete introduce the artist ?	yes
The athletes who resigned helped the professors .	Did the athletes help the professors ?	yes
The professors that admired the banker recommended the student .	Did the professors recommend the student ?	yes
The scientists who ran supported the senator .	Did the scientists support the senator ?	yes
The scientist that admired the bankers believed the athletes .	Did the scientist believe the athletes ?	yes
The lawyer that helped the manager encouraged the scientists .	Did the lawyer encourage the scientists ?	yes
The presidents who danced contacted the secretary .	Did the presidents contact the secretary ?	yes
The professors that contacted the tourists stopped the judges .	Did the professors stop the judges ?	yes
The actors that slept believed the lawyer .	Did the actors believe the lawyer ?	yes
The scientist who the president admired thanked the banker .	Did the scientist thank the banker ?	yes
The doctor who arrived introduced the actor .	Did the doctor introduce the actor ?	yes
The scientist that waited admired the tourists .	Did the scientist admire the tourists ?	yes
The judge that avoided the presidents introduced the scientist .	Did the judge introduce the scientist ?	yes
The students who waited admired the secretaries .	Did the students admire the secretaries ?	yes
The manager who waited contacted the secretaries .	Did the manager contact the secretaries ?	yes
The senator who waited recommended the judges .	Did the senator recommend the judges ?	yes
The student that advised the president admired the author .	Did the student admire the author ?	yes
The students that contacted the judges stopped the artist .	Did the students stop the artist ?	yes
The banker who arrived believed the senators .	Did the banker believe the senators ?	yes
The professor who saw the president advised the tourists .	Did the professor advise the tourists ?	yes
The professor who the secretary contacted encouraged the managers .	Did the professor encourage the managers ?	yes
The scientists that slept introduced the senators .	Did the scientists introduce the senators ?	yes
The scientist that resigned called the secretary .	Did the scientist call the secretary ?	yes
The scientists that arrived encouraged the tourists .	Did the scientists encourage the tourists ?	yes
The scientist that ran helped the tourist .	Did the scientist help the tourist ?	yes
The banker that waited introduced the senators .	Did the banker introduce the senators ?	yes
The senator who the athletes mentioned recommended the banker .	Did the senator recommend the banker ?	yes
The managers that saw the lawyer advised the judge .	Did the managers advise the judge ?	yes
The senator that the lawyers contacted called the tourist .	Did the senator call the tourist ?	yes
The doctor who arrived thanked the tourist .	Did the doctor thank the tourist ?	yes
The senators that shouted encouraged the students .	Did the senators encourage the students ?	yes
The senator who the doctor contacted mentioned the scientist .	Did the senator mention the scientist ?	yes
The athletes that slept advised the judge .	Did the athletes advise the judge ?	yes
The student who the judges helped believed the scientist .	Did the student believe the scientist ?	yes
The senator who introduced the lawyer recommended the athletes .	Did the senator recommend the athletes ?	yes
The bankers who danced stopped the tourists .	Did the bankers stop the tourists ?	yes
The judges that the author believed thanked the senators .	Did the judges thank the senators ?	yes
The judge who the manager advised thanked the doctor .	Did the judge thank the doctor ?	yes
The student that avoided the athlete contacted the artists .	Did the student contact the artists ?	yes
The judges who believed the scientist advised the lawyer .	Did the judges advise the lawyer ?	yes
The professors that slept recommended the judge .	Did the professors recommend the judge ?	yes
The athletes that the doctor advised recommended the senator .	Did the athletes recommend the senator ?	yes
The doctors who the secretary avoided supported the professors .	Did the doctors support the professors ?	yes
The senator that avoided the president supported the artists .	Did the senator support the artists ?	yes
The bankers who shouted mentioned the president .	Did the bankers mention the president ?	yes
The judge that introduced the doctors encouraged the tourists .	Did the judge encourage the tourists ?	yes
The banker who the managers recommended supported the athlete .	Did the banker support the athlete ?	yes
The artists who the manager recommended avoided the professors .	Did the artists avoid the professors ?	yes
The doctors that believed the professor recommended the actors .	Did the doctors recommend the actors ?	yes
The lawyers who the senator admired mentioned the tourists .	Did the lawyers mention the tourists ?	yes
The artists that resigned recognized the actor .	Did the artists recognize the actor ?	yes
The presidents who the student introduced admired the artists .	Did the presidents admire the artists ?	yes
The doctor who danced introduced the managers .	Did the doctor introduce the managers ?	yes
The tourist that the senators helped supported the actor .	Did the tourist support the actor ?	yes
The senators who danced avoided the judges .	Did the senators avoid the judges ?	yes
The tourist that danced avoided the secretaries .	Did the tourist avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The artists who performed admired the managers .	Did the artists admire the managers ?	yes
The judges who the actor advised contacted the athletes .	Did the judges contact the athletes ?	yes
The actor who ran advised the doctor .	Did the actor advise the doctor ?	yes
The doctor that the athletes helped stopped the professors .	Did the doctor stop the professors ?	yes
The manager who slept introduced the presidents .	Did the manager introduce the presidents ?	yes
The actors who slept supported the tourist .	Did the actors support the tourist ?	yes
The professor who mentioned the manager contacted the lawyers .	Did the professor contact the lawyers ?	yes
The professor that the judge recommended believed the author .	Did the professor believe the author ?	yes
The lawyer who the actors stopped thanked the senators .	Did the lawyer thank the senators ?	yes
The president who the actors admired supported the managers .	Did the president support the managers ?	yes
The bankers that performed helped the secretaries .	Did the bankers help the secretaries ?	yes
The doctor that contacted the scientist encouraged the bankers .	Did the doctor encourage the bankers ?	yes
The secretary who danced supported the scientist .	Did the secretary support the scientist ?	yes
The bankers who called the doctors saw the students .	Did the bankers see the students ?	yes
The athlete who encouraged the doctor advised the senators .	Did the athlete advise the senators ?	yes
The president who advised the secretary admired the tourist .	Did the president admire the tourist ?	yes
The manager that the students avoided stopped the athlete .	Did the manager stop the athlete ?	yes
The actors that slept encouraged the secretary .	Did the actors encourage the secretary ?	yes
The doctor that arrived mentioned the authors .	Did the doctor mention the authors ?	yes
The senator who arrived avoided the scientist .	Did the senator avoid the scientist ?	yes
The doctor who encouraged the judge supported the actor .	Did the doctor support the actor ?	yes
The student who the scientists saw supported the actors .	Did the student support the actors ?	yes
The athletes who ran recommended the doctors .	Did the athletes recommend the doctors ?	yes
The professor who the presidents supported stopped the artist .	Did the professor stop the artist ?	yes
The doctor that danced advised the actor .	Did the doctor advise the actor ?	yes
The actor who the senator stopped advised the secretary .	Did the actor advise the secretary ?	yes
The judges who resigned mentioned the actor .	Did the judges mention the actor ?	yes
The secretary who shouted supported the banker .	Did the secretary support the banker ?	yes
The authors who danced saw the doctor .	Did the authors see the doctor ?	yes
The athlete that ran avoided the students .	Did the athlete avoid the students ?	yes
The tourist who arrived believed the secretary .	Did the tourist believe the secretary ?	yes
The bankers that shouted encouraged the actors .	Did the bankers encourage the actors ?	yes
The doctors that the bankers believed saw the students .	Did the doctors see the students ?	yes
The senators who resigned mentioned the lawyer .	Did the senators mention the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyers that contacted the author admired the scientist .	Did the lawyers admire the scientist ?	yes
The tourists that recognized the managers called the secretary .	Did the tourists call the secretary ?	yes
The presidents that the tourists contacted recognized the athlete .	Did the presidents recognize the athlete ?	yes
The authors that admired the secretary saw the lawyer .	Did the authors see the lawyer ?	yes
The scientists that the doctor supported helped the professor .	Did the scientists help the professor ?	yes
The lawyers that the athlete introduced saw the author .	Did the lawyers see the author ?	yes
The tourists who saw the author called the president .	Did the tourists call the president ?	yes
The secretaries who performed avoided the senator .	Did the secretaries avoid the senator ?	yes
The professor that slept believed the secretary .	Did the professor believe the secretary ?	yes
The tourists that the managers thanked believed the presidents .	Did the tourists believe the presidents ?	yes
The scientists who ran saw the professor .	Did the scientists see the professor ?	yes
The presidents that the professors encouraged believed the tourist .	Did the presidents believe the tourist ?	yes
The senators that slept encouraged the authors .	Did the senators encourage the authors ?	yes
The judges who shouted encouraged the scientist .	Did the judges encourage the scientist ?	yes
The scientists who the banker admired recommended the secretaries .	Did the scientists recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyers who the actor saw avoided the scientists .	Did the lawyers avoid the scientists ?	yes
The presidents that the athletes avoided contacted the tourist .	Did the presidents contact the tourist ?	yes
The lawyer that danced encouraged the president .	Did the lawyer encourage the president ?	yes
The artist who advised the lawyers recognized the doctors .	Did the artist recognize the doctors ?	yes
The lawyer that ran supported the manager .	Did the lawyer support the manager ?	yes
The tourist who ran introduced the senators .	Did the tourist introduce the senators ?	yes
The artist that ran mentioned the judges .	Did the artist mention the judges ?	yes
The president who believed the actors admired the artists .	Did the president admire the artists ?	yes
The senator who supported the doctor believed the lawyers .	Did the senator believe the lawyers ?	yes
The judges that arrived advised the lawyers .	Did the judges advise the lawyers ?	yes
The authors that shouted believed the professor .	Did the authors believe the professor ?	yes
The lawyers who introduced the scientist thanked the actor .	Did the lawyers thank the actor ?	yes
The professors who contacted the artists introduced the senator .	Did the professors introduce the senator ?	yes
The student who shouted avoided the artists .	Did the student avoid the artists ?	yes
The student that the judge thanked believed the professor .	Did the student believe the professor ?	yes
The actors that arrived helped the scientists .	Did the actors help the scientists ?	yes
The athletes that slept introduced the professor .	Did the athletes introduce the professor ?	yes
The artists who the presidents contacted mentioned the students .	Did the artists mention the students ?	yes
The managers who contacted the athlete mentioned the author .	Did the managers mention the author ?	yes
The lawyers that the banker called contacted the scientist .	Did the lawyers contact the scientist ?	yes
The actor that recognized the lawyer saw the senator .	Did the actor see the senator ?	yes
The senators that the lawyers believed admired the judges .	Did the senators admire the judges ?	yes
The scientists that the professors saw thanked the doctors .	Did the scientists thank the doctors ?	yes
The artists that the senators admired avoided the athlete .	Did the artists avoid the athlete ?	yes
The managers that resigned helped the actors .	Did the managers help the actors ?	yes
The student who mentioned the judge encouraged the tourists .	Did the student encourage the tourists ?	yes
The lawyers that avoided the secretaries mentioned the judge .	Did the lawyers mention the judge ?	yes
The banker who waited recognized the students .	Did the banker recognize the students ?	yes
The lawyers that the author recognized stopped the banker .	Did the lawyers stop the banker ?	yes
The presidents who the judges stopped contacted the artist .	Did the presidents contact the artist ?	yes
The managers who ran called the lawyers .	Did the managers call the lawyers ?	yes
The judges that supported the athletes admired the senators .	Did the judges admire the senators ?	yes
The senators that thanked the banker mentioned the president .	Did the senators mention the president ?	yes
The president who stopped the students helped the scientist .	Did the president help the scientist ?	yes
The senator who the tourists mentioned encouraged the scientists .	Did the senator encourage the scientists ?	yes
The artists that arrived believed the student .	Did the artists believe the student ?	yes
The judges who recognized the doctor recommended the authors .	Did the judges recommend the authors ?	yes
The student that the doctor encouraged advised the bankers .	Did the student advise the bankers ?	yes
The lawyers that arrived contacted the secretary .	Did the lawyers contact the secretary ?	yes
The president that recommended the doctor mentioned the secretary .	Did the president mention the secretary ?	yes
The presidents who slept introduced the manager .	Did the presidents introduce the manager ?	yes
The doctor that recognized the athletes called the professor .	Did the doctor call the professor ?	yes
The artists who supported the managers believed the judge .	Did the artists believe the judge ?	yes
The bankers that admired the secretary stopped the professor .	Did the bankers stop the professor ?	yes
The students that the secretary helped introduced the judge .	Did the students introduce the judge ?	yes
The senators that the author recognized contacted the president .	Did the senators contact the president ?	yes
The bankers who the doctors believed encouraged the senators .	Did the bankers encourage the senators ?	yes
The presidents who performed stopped the bankers .	Did the presidents stop the bankers ?	yes
The scientist who the doctor saw avoided the managers .	Did the scientist avoid the managers ?	yes
The lawyer that the scientists called encouraged the banker .	Did the lawyer encourage the banker ?	yes
The lawyers who the artists introduced helped the scientist .	Did the lawyers help the scientist ?	yes
The actor that resigned admired the secretary .	Did the actor admire the secretary ?	yes
The professors who the students encouraged saw the manager .	Did the professors see the manager ?	yes
The manager that ran supported the professors .	Did the manager support the professors ?	yes
The athlete who the students stopped advised the manager .	Did the athlete advise the manager ?	yes
The scientist that slept called the actor .	Did the scientist call the actor ?	yes
The doctor that supported the athlete believed the tourist .	Did the doctor believe the tourist ?	yes
The judge that encouraged the students introduced the presidents .	Did the judge introduce the presidents ?	yes
The student that arrived thanked the judge .	Did the student thank the judge ?	yes
The president that encouraged the artist admired the scientists .	Did the president admire the scientists ?	yes
The tourists that the students stopped recommended the lawyer .	Did the tourists recommend the lawyer ?	yes
The secretaries who the student admired thanked the athletes .	Did the secretaries thank the athletes ?	yes
The judge that arrived introduced the doctors .	Did the judge introduce the doctors ?	yes
The secretaries that ran admired the actor .	Did the secretaries admire the actor ?	yes
The president who arrived mentioned the student .	Did the president mention the student ?	yes
The professors that the judges thanked mentioned the secretary .	Did the professors mention the secretary ?	yes
The author who supported the actors contacted the tourist .	Did the author contact the tourist ?	yes
The senator who introduced the president recognized the managers .	Did the senator recognize the managers ?	yes
The artist that the author helped advised the scientists .	Did the artist advise the scientists ?	yes
The athletes that ran saw the author .	Did the athletes see the author ?	yes
The actor that the senator supported believed the scientists .	Did the actor believe the scientists ?	yes
The doctors that the professor saw helped the presidents .	Did the doctors help the presidents ?	yes
The tourists who called the students saw the senators .	Did the tourists see the senators ?	yes
The judge that stopped the athletes advised the tourist .	Did the judge advise the tourist ?	yes
The judge that the doctors recommended introduced the tourist .	Did the judge introduce the tourist ?	yes
The artist that believed the judges contacted the athletes .	Did the artist contact the athletes ?	yes
The professors that slept recommended the actors .	Did the professors recommend the actors ?	yes
The scientist that ran advised the student .	Did the scientist advise the student ?	yes
The professor who the secretary avoided saw the tourist .	Did the professor see the tourist ?	yes
The judge who admired the doctors mentioned the actor .	Did the judge mention the actor ?	yes
The athletes that resigned admired the lawyers .	Did the athletes admire the lawyers ?	yes
The judges that danced advised the bankers .	Did the judges advise the bankers ?	yes
The judges who slept avoided the tourist .	Did the judges avoid the tourist ?	yes
The lawyers who the artist recognized introduced the president .	Did the lawyers introduce the president ?	yes
The athlete that the judges thanked advised the professor .	Did the athlete advise the professor ?	yes
The manager that encouraged the lawyers supported the presidents .	Did the manager support the presidents ?	yes
The actor who the artists mentioned admired the lawyer .	Did the actor admire the lawyer ?	yes
The secretaries that believed the president advised the artist .	Did the secretaries advise the artist ?	yes
The presidents that saw the tourists supported the actors .	Did the presidents support the actors ?	yes
The judge that waited saw the secretary .	Did the judge see the secretary ?	yes
The doctors that slept encouraged the author .	Did the doctors encourage the author ?	yes
The athlete that recommended the scientist advised the authors .	Did the athlete advise the authors ?	yes
The judges who ran recommended the professors .	Did the judges recommend the professors ?	yes
The manager that called the scientists mentioned the lawyer .	Did the manager mention the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyers that the president avoided mentioned the secretaries .	Did the lawyers mention the secretaries ?	yes
The manager that arrived advised the author .	Did the manager advise the author ?	yes
The athletes who the managers advised admired the actors .	Did the athletes admire the actors ?	yes
The banker who performed believed the authors .	Did the banker believe the authors ?	yes
The bankers that saw the tourist encouraged the athletes .	Did the bankers encourage the athletes ?	yes
The artists who the actor believed recommended the presidents .	Did the artists recommend the presidents ?	yes
The secretary who contacted the senator thanked the athlete .	Did the secretary thank the athlete ?	yes
The banker that believed the student avoided the authors .	Did the banker avoid the authors ?	yes
The banker that the senator contacted mentioned the student .	Did the banker mention the student ?	yes
The actors that performed thanked the lawyers .	Did the actors thank the lawyers ?	yes
The senators who slept recommended the athletes .	Did the senators recommend the athletes ?	yes
The judges who resigned thanked the student .	Did the judges thank the student ?	yes
The doctors that the secretaries advised believed the professors .	Did the doctors believe the professors ?	yes
The lawyers who encouraged the judge mentioned the scientist .	Did the lawyers mention the scientist ?	yes
The senator who waited advised the secretary .	Did the senator advise the secretary ?	yes
The tourists who the presidents helped believed the secretary .	Did the tourists believe the secretary ?	yes
The secretaries who introduced the scientist encouraged the lawyer .	Did the secretaries encourage the lawyer ?	yes
The manager who stopped the professors saw the artists .	Did the manager see the artists ?	yes
The professors who supported the actors introduced the secretary .	Did the professors introduce the secretary ?	yes
The scientists that called the secretaries recognized the senators .	Did the scientists recognize the senators ?	yes
The doctor who believed the banker recognized the judges .	Did the doctor recognize the judges ?	yes
The artist that avoided the professors recognized the manager .	Did the artist recognize the manager ?	yes
The actors that avoided the banker supported the secretaries .	Did the actors support the secretaries ?	yes
The student that supported the president recognized the judge .	Did the student recognize the judge ?	yes
The manager who arrived avoided the professors .	Did the manager avoid the professors ?	yes
The manager that waited saw the judge .	Did the manager see the judge ?	yes
The student that introduced the tourist mentioned the senators .	Did the student mention the senators ?	yes
The author who shouted saw the managers .	Did the author see the managers ?	yes
The professor that shouted thanked the artists .	Did the professor thank the artists ?	yes
The athlete that the manager helped introduced the doctor .	Did the athlete introduce the doctor ?	yes
The scientists that shouted encouraged the tourists .	Did the scientists encourage the tourists ?	yes
The managers that shouted thanked the bankers .	Did the managers thank the bankers ?	yes
The actor who stopped the presidents advised the lawyer .	Did the actor advise the lawyer ?	yes
The banker that the students helped encouraged the tourist .	Did the banker encourage the tourist ?	yes
The tourists who admired the scientist called the bankers .	Did the tourists call the bankers ?	yes
The author who slept encouraged the presidents .	Did the author encourage the presidents ?	yes
The students that supported the actor stopped the lawyers .	Did the students stop the lawyers ?	yes
The secretaries that the professor mentioned encouraged the artist .	Did the secretaries encourage the artist ?	yes
The athletes who called the presidents avoided the tourist .	Did the athletes avoid the tourist ?	yes
The manager who the professor saw admired the president .	Did the manager admire the president ?	yes
The artists who helped the student encouraged the doctors .	Did the artists encourage the doctors ?	yes
The bankers who the presidents supported advised the scientist .	Did the bankers advise the scientist ?	yes
The student who recommended the artists helped the doctors .	Did the student help the doctors ?	yes
The tourist that shouted saw the scientists .	Did the tourist see the scientists ?	yes
The doctors who saw the professors encouraged the tourist .	Did the doctors encourage the tourist ?	yes
The bankers that resigned thanked the presidents .	Did the bankers thank the presidents ?	yes
The judge who saw the doctors helped the president .	Did the judge help the president ?	yes
The secretary that ran recognized the students .	Did the secretary recognize the students ?	yes
The authors who the students contacted saw the artist .	Did the authors see the artist ?	yes
The senators who performed stopped the manager .	Did the senators stop the manager ?	yes
The judge who ran saw the president .	Did the judge see the president ?	yes
The manager who the student saw introduced the banker .	Did the manager introduce the banker ?	yes
The judges who arrived recognized the artists .	Did the judges recognize the artists ?	yes
The banker that introduced the president contacted the senators .	Did the banker contact the senators ?	yes
The actors who recognized the tourist encouraged the bankers .	Did the actors encourage the bankers ?	yes
The authors who danced helped the scientist .	Did the authors help the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer that believed the athlete recommended the professors .	Did the lawyer recommend the professors ?	yes
The senator that arrived supported the athletes .	Did the senator support the athletes ?	yes
The lawyer who the student stopped introduced the tourist .	Did the lawyer introduce the tourist ?	yes
The secretaries who the actors saw believed the scientist .	Did the secretaries believe the scientist ?	yes
The scientist that arrived supported the secretaries .	Did the scientist support the secretaries ?	yes
The manager who danced advised the judges .	Did the manager advise the judges ?	yes
The lawyers that the professor thanked admired the senator .	Did the lawyers admire the senator ?	yes
The lawyers who the professors stopped believed the student .	Did the lawyers believe the student ?	yes
The tourists that resigned recognized the actors .	Did the tourists recognize the actors ?	yes
The secretaries who believed the athlete avoided the manager .	Did the secretaries avoid the manager ?	yes
The students that the senator introduced supported the president .	Did the students support the president ?	yes
The president that shouted called the authors .	Did the president call the authors ?	yes
The judge who thanked the senator mentioned the doctor .	Did the judge mention the doctor ?	yes
The senators that thanked the doctors saw the scientist .	Did the senators see the scientist ?	yes
The athlete who performed mentioned the actors .	Did the athlete mention the actors ?	yes
The manager who the actors believed stopped the scientist .	Did the manager stop the scientist ?	yes
The students who contacted the athlete helped the author .	Did the students help the author ?	yes
The artists who shouted believed the managers .	Did the artists believe the managers ?	yes
The secretaries that saw the actors helped the lawyers .	Did the secretaries help the lawyers ?	yes
The doctors who recognized the scientists contacted the secretary .	Did the doctors contact the secretary ?	yes
The tourists that recommended the judges encouraged the managers .	Did the tourists encourage the managers ?	yes
The president that performed avoided the lawyers .	Did the president avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The secretary who shouted thanked the doctors .	Did the secretary thank the doctors ?	yes
The professors who recommended the doctors thanked the lawyer .	Did the professors thank the lawyer ?	yes
The professors who the secretary advised supported the authors .	Did the professors support the authors ?	yes
The presidents that thanked the artist introduced the athlete .	Did the presidents introduce the athlete ?	yes
The scientist that resigned introduced the lawyers .	Did the scientist introduce the lawyers ?	yes
The tourist that shouted believed the manager .	Did the tourist believe the manager ?	yes
The professors who thanked the artist called the senators .	Did the professors call the senators ?	yes
The presidents that waited contacted the professor .	Did the presidents contact the professor ?	yes
The judge that shouted mentioned the senator .	Did the judge mention the senator ?	yes
The author that performed recommended the actor .	Did the author recommend the actor ?	yes
The professor that helped the managers avoided the tourists .	Did the professor avoid the tourists ?	yes
The scientist who the secretaries called advised the artist .	Did the scientist advise the artist ?	yes
The secretary that thanked the scientists recommended the actors .	Did the secretary recommend the actors ?	yes
The tourists that the judges saw called the lawyer .	Did the tourists call the lawyer ?	yes
The professor who danced encouraged the senators .	Did the professor encourage the senators ?	yes
The secretary that the judges introduced saw the president .	Did the secretary see the president ?	yes
The manager that ran called the lawyers .	Did the manager call the lawyers ?	yes
The president that saw the tourist called the secretaries .	Did the president call the secretaries ?	yes
The judges who slept saw the student .	Did the judges see the student ?	yes
The bankers who the presidents thanked called the scientists .	Did the bankers call the scientists ?	yes
The secretaries who recommended the senators admired the student .	Did the secretaries admire the student ?	yes
The doctor that performed saw the athlete .	Did the doctor see the athlete ?	yes
The scientists who the actor avoided believed the athlete .	Did the scientists believe the athlete ?	yes
The scientist that slept recognized the managers .	Did the scientist recognize the managers ?	yes
The actors who thanked the president recommended the professor .	Did the actors recommend the professor ?	yes
The banker who the scientists called advised the authors .	Did the banker advise the authors ?	yes
The manager who encouraged the scientists admired the student .	Did the manager admire the student ?	yes
The scientists that slept saw the lawyers .	Did the scientists see the lawyers ?	yes
The artists that the doctors recommended admired the judge .	Did the artists admire the judge ?	yes
The lawyer that advised the students introduced the secretary .	Did the lawyer introduce the secretary ?	yes
The senators that helped the scientists encouraged the presidents .	Did the senators encourage the presidents ?	yes
The secretaries who encouraged the artists admired the senators .	Did the secretaries admire the senators ?	yes
The president that shouted contacted the secretaries .	Did the president contact the secretaries ?	yes
The athletes who the secretaries admired recommended the students .	Did the athletes recommend the students ?	yes
The scientists who resigned stopped the president .	Did the scientists stop the president ?	yes
The tourist who the manager helped advised the artist .	Did the tourist advise the artist ?	yes
The judge that performed thanked the bankers .	Did the judge thank the bankers ?	yes
The professor that resigned encouraged the artists .	Did the professor encourage the artists ?	yes
The doctors that resigned mentioned the actors .	Did the doctors mention the actors ?	yes
The scientist that slept contacted the senators .	Did the scientist contact the senators ?	yes
The athlete that the authors recognized advised the professors .	Did the athlete advise the professors ?	yes
The banker that contacted the secretaries mentioned the presidents .	Did the banker mention the presidents ?	yes
The doctors that the manager introduced admired the president .	Did the doctors admire the president ?	yes
The scientist that the president saw stopped the secretaries .	Did the scientist stop the secretaries ?	yes
The president who the doctors contacted helped the managers .	Did the president help the managers ?	yes
The tourists who slept avoided the senator .	Did the tourists avoid the senator ?	yes
The professors that recognized the artist advised the athletes .	Did the professors advise the athletes ?	yes
The judges that avoided the scientists saw the actor .	Did the judges see the actor ?	yes
The managers that the students supported recommended the judges .	Did the managers recommend the judges ?	yes
The doctor that thanked the students called the senator .	Did the doctor call the senator ?	yes
The president that recognized the bankers mentioned the lawyer .	Did the president mention the lawyer ?	yes
The actor that danced stopped the president .	Did the actor stop the president ?	yes
The tourist that saw the senator supported the professor .	Did the tourist support the professor ?	yes
The tourist that the actor encouraged stopped the senators .	Did the tourist stop the senators ?	yes
The secretary who helped the students thanked the senators .	Did the secretary thank the senators ?	yes
The athlete who believed the scientists recognized the bankers .	Did the athlete recognize the bankers ?	yes
The artists who the banker mentioned supported the lawyer .	Did the artists support the lawyer ?	yes
The athletes who performed admired the artists .	Did the athletes admire the artists ?	yes
The professors that ran admired the bankers .	Did the professors admire the bankers ?	yes
The manager who the artist avoided recommended the secretaries .	Did the manager recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The bankers who performed believed the athletes .	Did the bankers believe the athletes ?	yes
The secretary who admired the authors introduced the senators .	Did the secretary introduce the senators ?	yes
The professors who performed believed the doctors .	Did the professors believe the doctors ?	yes
The banker that performed avoided the artists .	Did the banker avoid the artists ?	yes
The athletes that the tourists mentioned introduced the student .	Did the athletes introduce the student ?	yes
The senators who the tourist contacted encouraged the doctors .	Did the senators encourage the doctors ?	yes
The actors that admired the bankers believed the senator .	Did the actors believe the senator ?	yes
The presidents who called the actors mentioned the artists .	Did the presidents mention the artists ?	yes
The student that arrived thanked the professors .	Did the student thank the professors ?	yes
The actors who mentioned the student recognized the scientists .	Did the actors recognize the scientists ?	yes
The bankers who waited thanked the athlete .	Did the bankers thank the athlete ?	yes
The student who introduced the senator thanked the actors .	Did the student thank the actors ?	yes
The tourists that recognized the artists saw the professor .	Did the tourists see the professor ?	yes
The student that mentioned the artists supported the athletes .	Did the student support the athletes ?	yes
The managers who waited advised the doctor .	Did the managers advise the doctor ?	yes
The athletes that helped the judge contacted the professor .	Did the athletes contact the professor ?	yes
The artists that called the manager thanked the doctors .	Did the artists thank the doctors ?	yes
The managers who ran believed the scientist .	Did the managers believe the scientist ?	yes
The scientists who danced stopped the senator .	Did the scientists stop the senator ?	yes
The athlete that the senators helped recognized the actor .	Did the athlete recognize the actor ?	yes
The professor that the authors encouraged avoided the manager .	Did the professor avoid the manager ?	yes
The actor that introduced the judges stopped the student .	Did the actor stop the student ?	yes
The judge who avoided the president recognized the athletes .	Did the judge recognize the athletes ?	yes
The lawyers that the president advised thanked the author .	Did the lawyers thank the author ?	yes
The manager that performed contacted the author .	Did the manager contact the author ?	yes
The lawyer that the managers thanked advised the bankers .	Did the lawyer advise the bankers ?	yes
The bankers who the athletes saw introduced the students .	Did the bankers introduce the students ?	yes
The secretary who slept called the bankers .	Did the secretary call the bankers ?	yes
The presidents who danced contacted the tourists .	Did the presidents contact the tourists ?	yes
The doctor that the student mentioned believed the lawyer .	Did the doctor believe the lawyer ?	yes
The author that shouted mentioned the students .	Did the author mention the students ?	yes
The judge that contacted the banker avoided the secretary .	Did the judge avoid the secretary ?	yes
The artist that shouted supported the secretary .	Did the artist support the secretary ?	yes
The lawyers who the student avoided saw the managers .	Did the lawyers see the managers ?	yes
The professor who recognized the banker introduced the doctors .	Did the professor introduce the doctors ?	yes
The actors that the president called admired the professors .	Did the actors admire the professors ?	yes
The bankers that introduced the athlete supported the tourist .	Did the bankers support the tourist ?	yes
The judge who the professors contacted supported the senators .	Did the judge support the senators ?	yes
The students who encouraged the professors helped the artists .	Did the students help the artists ?	yes
The athletes who saw the actors believed the senators .	Did the athletes believe the senators ?	yes
The secretaries that ran helped the professor .	Did the secretaries help the professor ?	yes
The professor that ran recommended the scientist .	Did the professor recommend the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer who recommended the artist admired the tourist .	Did the lawyer admire the tourist ?	yes
The managers who introduced the scientists advised the tourist .	Did the managers advise the tourist ?	yes
The tourist that mentioned the athletes supported the artists .	Did the tourist support the artists ?	yes
The lawyers who resigned contacted the professor .	Did the lawyers contact the professor ?	yes
The judges who recommended the banker saw the authors .	Did the judges see the authors ?	yes
The athlete that saw the professor helped the bankers .	Did the athlete help the bankers ?	yes
The managers that ran admired the president .	Did the managers admire the president ?	yes
The secretaries that believed the authors saw the actors .	Did the secretaries see the actors ?	yes
The artists that supported the scientists stopped the lawyer .	Did the artists stop the lawyer ?	yes
The authors that thanked the lawyers contacted the student .	Did the authors contact the student ?	yes
The actors who advised the banker mentioned the artists .	Did the actors mention the artists ?	yes
The secretary who waited encouraged the actors .	Did the secretary encourage the actors ?	yes
The judge who the presidents introduced avoided the authors .	Did the judge avoid the authors ?	yes
The doctor that the authors stopped thanked the student .	Did the doctor thank the student ?	yes
The judge who shouted recommended the actors .	Did the judge recommend the actors ?	yes
The doctors that slept helped the athlete .	Did the doctors help the athlete ?	yes
The artist who resigned contacted the doctors .	Did the artist contact the doctors ?	yes
The lawyers that waited supported the senator .	Did the lawyers support the senator ?	yes
The tourist who the lawyer recommended believed the doctors .	Did the tourist believe the doctors ?	yes
The artists who the manager believed introduced the athletes .	Did the artists introduce the athletes ?	yes
The actors who the athletes stopped admired the secretary .	Did the actors admire the secretary ?	yes
The secretary that believed the tourists saw the professors .	Did the secretary see the professors ?	yes
The senators that shouted recommended the bankers .	Did the senators recommend the bankers ?	yes
The artist who arrived introduced the president .	Did the artist introduce the president ?	yes
The students who recommended the actor thanked the tourists .	Did the students thank the tourists ?	yes
The athletes who arrived introduced the senator .	Did the athletes introduce the senator ?	yes
The secretaries that the actor mentioned thanked the student .	Did the secretaries thank the student ?	yes
The student that saw the manager introduced the professors .	Did the student introduce the professors ?	yes
The author who arrived stopped the secretary .	Did the author stop the secretary ?	yes
The scientist that recommended the tourist supported the doctor .	Did the scientist support the doctor ?	yes
The manager who the artists advised contacted the president .	Did the manager contact the president ?	yes
The authors that believed the presidents saw the student .	Did the authors see the student ?	yes
The lawyer that shouted contacted the actors .	Did the lawyer contact the actors ?	yes
The scientists who the banker recommended thanked the student .	Did the scientists thank the student ?	yes
The manager who admired the athletes avoided the doctors .	Did the manager avoid the doctors ?	yes
The bankers who the student encouraged avoided the tourists .	Did the bankers avoid the tourists ?	yes
The actors that the managers admired contacted the athletes .	Did the actors contact the athletes ?	yes
The professor that contacted the judge helped the actors .	Did the professor help the actors ?	yes
The banker who the lawyers introduced helped the artists .	Did the banker help the artists ?	yes
The professors who avoided the judges mentioned the actors .	Did the professors mention the actors ?	yes
The student who encouraged the doctors believed the presidents .	Did the student believe the presidents ?	yes
The scientist who the manager introduced stopped the athletes .	Did the scientist stop the athletes ?	yes
The doctor who the actors admired recognized the athlete .	Did the doctor recognize the athlete ?	yes
The presidents that danced mentioned the artist .	Did the presidents mention the artist ?	yes
The athlete who shouted admired the student .	Did the athlete admire the student ?	yes
The artists that ran admired the lawyers .	Did the artists admire the lawyers ?	yes
The judges that arrived introduced the manager .	Did the judges introduce the manager ?	yes
The actor that the presidents recognized thanked the manager .	Did the actor thank the manager ?	yes
The bankers who believed the students avoided the presidents .	Did the bankers avoid the presidents ?	yes
The actors who danced supported the senators .	Did the actors support the senators ?	yes
The tourist that the author admired called the actor .	Did the tourist call the actor ?	yes
The tourist who recognized the professors believed the senators .	Did the tourist believe the senators ?	yes
The students who the athletes introduced recommended the senators .	Did the students recommend the senators ?	yes
The author who arrived admired the managers .	Did the author admire the managers ?	yes
The banker who shouted mentioned the tourist .	Did the banker mention the tourist ?	yes
The secretaries who waited avoided the authors .	Did the secretaries avoid the authors ?	yes
The scientist that resigned advised the lawyers .	Did the scientist advise the lawyers ?	yes
The senators who the students stopped contacted the scientist .	Did the senators contact the scientist ?	yes
The doctor that waited advised the lawyers .	Did the doctor advise the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyers that ran supported the tourist .	Did the lawyers support the tourist ?	yes
The artist who recognized the president encouraged the student .	Did the artist encourage the student ?	yes
The professor that slept helped the artist .	Did the professor help the artist ?	yes
The lawyer that admired the doctor contacted the banker .	Did the lawyer contact the banker ?	yes
The lawyer who helped the doctors saw the banker .	Did the lawyer see the banker ?	yes
The doctor who believed the judge recognized the manager .	Did the doctor recognize the manager ?	yes
The managers that ran encouraged the professors .	Did the managers encourage the professors ?	yes
The manager that recognized the presidents called the artists .	Did the manager call the artists ?	yes
The secretaries that encouraged the banker avoided the artists .	Did the secretaries avoid the artists ?	yes
The students that encouraged the authors recommended the artist .	Did the students recommend the artist ?	yes
The managers that the lawyers advised called the scientist .	Did the managers call the scientist ?	yes
The manager that mentioned the author recognized the doctors .	Did the manager recognize the doctors ?	yes
The senator that saw the tourist introduced the actors .	Did the senator introduce the actors ?	yes
The senator that the presidents called avoided the secretaries .	Did the senator avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The president that the actor admired recommended the managers .	Did the president recommend the managers ?	yes
The student that ran mentioned the presidents .	Did the student mention the presidents ?	yes
The tourist that ran helped the athlete .	Did the tourist help the athlete ?	yes
The author that recognized the secretary advised the lawyers .	Did the author advise the lawyers ?	yes
The president that believed the doctors admired the students .	Did the president admire the students ?	yes
The president that helped the scientists avoided the senator .	Did the president avoid the senator ?	yes
The professor that danced supported the secretaries .	Did the professor support the secretaries ?	yes
The bankers who the professor admired contacted the artist .	Did the bankers contact the artist ?	yes
The judge that thanked the secretaries called the banker .	Did the judge call the banker ?	yes
The tourists that the athlete introduced recommended the authors .	Did the tourists recommend the authors ?	yes
The managers that shouted thanked the president .	Did the managers thank the president ?	yes
The secretary that ran thanked the doctor .	Did the secretary thank the doctor ?	yes
The students who danced helped the judges .	Did the students help the judges ?	yes
The judge that supported the professor thanked the actor .	Did the judge thank the actor ?	yes
The doctor who the senator supported stopped the judges .	Did the doctor stop the judges ?	yes
The author who the student helped saw the banker .	Did the author see the banker ?	yes
The author that the president advised believed the scientists .	Did the author believe the scientists ?	yes
The actors who believed the judge called the lawyers .	Did the actors call the lawyers ?	yes
The secretaries who the presidents called believed the author .	Did the secretaries believe the author ?	yes
The professor who helped the senators recognized the scientists .	Did the professor recognize the scientists ?	yes
The artists who the actor saw thanked the secretary .	Did the artists thank the secretary ?	yes
The president who the lawyers believed mentioned the bankers .	Did the president mention the bankers ?	yes
The lawyer who performed helped the scientist .	Did the lawyer help the scientist ?	yes
The judges that contacted the bankers thanked the managers .	Did the judges thank the managers ?	yes
The doctors that resigned supported the artists .	Did the doctors support the artists ?	yes
The manager who the student helped encouraged the bankers .	Did the manager encourage the bankers ?	yes
The banker who shouted supported the lawyer .	Did the banker support the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyer that the athletes contacted advised the senator .	Did the lawyer advise the senator ?	yes
The doctors that recognized the students stopped the artist .	Did the doctors stop the artist ?	yes
The artists that resigned avoided the athlete .	Did the artists avoid the athlete ?	yes
The senator that the actors introduced thanked the athletes .	Did the senator thank the athletes ?	yes
The student who resigned introduced the doctors .	Did the student introduce the doctors ?	yes
The student that contacted the artist mentioned the senator .	Did the student mention the senator ?	yes
The professor who contacted the lawyers called the authors .	Did the professor call the authors ?	yes
The athletes that avoided the secretary stopped the judges .	Did the athletes stop the judges ?	yes
The actor who slept supported the senators .	Did the actor support the senators ?	yes
The bankers who waited contacted the managers .	Did the bankers contact the managers ?	yes
The students who helped the senator contacted the authors .	Did the students contact the authors ?	yes
The student that performed avoided the actors .	Did the student avoid the actors ?	yes
The artists who the managers believed introduced the tourists .	Did the artists introduce the tourists ?	yes
The managers who waited stopped the secretary .	Did the managers stop the secretary ?	yes
The artist that the student recognized believed the tourists .	Did the artist believe the tourists ?	yes
The tourists who the students avoided thanked the artist .	Did the tourists thank the artist ?	yes
The secretary that contacted the senators saw the manager .	Did the secretary see the manager ?	yes
The senators that thanked the actor stopped the artist .	Did the senators stop the artist ?	yes
The lawyer who helped the senator believed the managers .	Did the lawyer believe the managers ?	yes
The secretaries that avoided the president recognized the doctor .	Did the secretaries recognize the doctor ?	yes
The actor who performed avoided the lawyer .	Did the actor avoid the lawyer ?	yes
The senators who the athlete stopped contacted the actors .	Did the senators contact the actors ?	yes
The tourists that danced mentioned the professors .	Did the tourists mention the professors ?	yes
The author that danced recommended the judges .	Did the author recommend the judges ?	yes
The athletes that encouraged the scientists recommended the secretaries .	Did the athletes recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The actors who shouted encouraged the professors .	Did the actors encourage the professors ?	yes
The manager that thanked the professor recognized the lawyer .	Did the manager recognize the lawyer ?	yes
The secretaries who shouted encouraged the presidents .	Did the secretaries encourage the presidents ?	yes
The athletes that shouted saw the actor .	Did the athletes see the actor ?	yes
The senator who recognized the authors advised the professors .	Did the senator advise the professors ?	yes
The banker that contacted the scientists recognized the lawyer .	Did the banker recognize the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyer that the actors believed saw the manager .	Did the lawyer see the manager ?	yes
The professors that mentioned the scientist avoided the actors .	Did the professors avoid the actors ?	yes
The author that arrived encouraged the judge .	Did the author encourage the judge ?	yes
The tourists who slept stopped the authors .	Did the tourists stop the authors ?	yes
The actor that waited supported the scientist .	Did the actor support the scientist ?	yes
The manager that recognized the authors contacted the judges .	Did the manager contact the judges ?	yes
The tourists that resigned supported the banker .	Did the tourists support the banker ?	yes
The secretaries who the artists advised contacted the actor .	Did the secretaries contact the actor ?	yes
The students who admired the author saw the scientists .	Did the students see the scientists ?	yes
The banker that performed recognized the judge .	Did the banker recognize the judge ?	yes
The presidents that recommended the scientist thanked the secretaries .	Did the presidents thank the secretaries ?	yes
The artist that the judge believed called the professor .	Did the artist call the professor ?	yes
The judge who called the doctor supported the banker .	Did the judge support the banker ?	yes
The scientists who avoided the artists encouraged the doctor .	Did the scientists encourage the doctor ?	yes
The scientist who contacted the bankers admired the secretary .	Did the scientist admire the secretary ?	yes
The judge who introduced the professors believed the manager .	Did the judge believe the manager ?	yes
The secretary who the doctors introduced stopped the artist .	Did the secretary stop the artist ?	yes
The athletes who stopped the managers thanked the president .	Did the athletes thank the president ?	yes
The artist that the actor believed introduced the lawyers .	Did the artist introduce the lawyers ?	yes
The tourist who called the judges avoided the secretaries .	Did the tourist avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The athletes who shouted called the lawyer .	Did the athletes call the lawyer ?	yes
The tourists that the scientist recognized recommended the lawyer .	Did the tourists recommend the lawyer ?	yes
The doctors that the presidents advised recognized the artists .	Did the doctors recognize the artists ?	yes
The secretary who supported the athletes advised the manager .	Did the secretary advise the manager ?	yes
The doctor that admired the athlete recommended the scientists .	Did the doctor recommend the scientists ?	yes
The tourists that recommended the secretary believed the doctor .	Did the tourists believe the doctor ?	yes
The athletes that shouted contacted the president .	Did the athletes contact the president ?	yes
The secretaries who the actor encouraged advised the managers .	Did the secretaries advise the managers ?	yes
The tourist who slept mentioned the actors .	Did the tourist mention the actors ?	yes
The actors who the secretary thanked saw the lawyer .	Did the actors see the lawyer ?	yes
The secretary who shouted advised the actors .	Did the secretary advise the actors ?	yes
The scientists who the judges introduced believed the tourists .	Did the scientists believe the tourists ?	yes
The tourists who resigned admired the authors .	Did the tourists admire the authors ?	yes
The doctor that ran recommended the senator .	Did the doctor recommend the senator ?	yes
The students who the bankers recommended thanked the tourist .	Did the students thank the tourist ?	yes
The doctors who saw the senator encouraged the author .	Did the doctors encourage the author ?	yes
The artists who helped the authors recommended the doctor .	Did the artists recommend the doctor ?	yes
The lawyer that saw the tourists avoided the secretary .	Did the lawyer avoid the secretary ?	yes
The banker that danced saw the lawyer .	Did the banker see the lawyer ?	yes
The secretary who the managers admired thanked the bankers .	Did the secretary thank the bankers ?	yes
The doctors who the judges supported thanked the artists .	Did the doctors thank the artists ?	yes
The student that thanked the tourists avoided the athletes .	Did the student avoid the athletes ?	yes
The lawyer who the senators supported saw the judges .	Did the lawyer see the judges ?	yes
The professor who the senator stopped mentioned the doctors .	Did the professor mention the doctors ?	yes
The athletes that the lawyer saw stopped the judges .	Did the athletes stop the judges ?	yes
The doctors who resigned introduced the students .	Did the doctors introduce the students ?	yes
The actor who arrived advised the artists .	Did the actor advise the artists ?	yes
The scientist who the artist admired introduced the athletes .	Did the scientist introduce the athletes ?	yes
The judge that thanked the bankers called the tourists .	Did the judge call the tourists ?	yes
The judge who introduced the students stopped the actors .	Did the judge stop the actors ?	yes
The senator who thanked the students mentioned the professor .	Did the senator mention the professor ?	yes
The author that supported the president encouraged the banker .	Did the author encourage the banker ?	yes
The students who danced advised the actors .	Did the students advise the actors ?	yes
The bankers who waited helped the professors .	Did the bankers help the professors ?	yes
The athletes who the scientist mentioned recognized the actors .	Did the athletes recognize the actors ?	yes
The professor that admired the student recommended the lawyers .	Did the professor recommend the lawyers ?	yes
The banker that advised the lawyers avoided the scientists .	Did the banker avoid the scientists ?	yes
The manager who danced helped the doctor .	Did the manager help the doctor ?	yes
The senator that the tourists believed recognized the actor .	Did the senator recognize the actor ?	yes
The actor who encouraged the professors thanked the scientist .	Did the actor thank the scientist ?	yes
The secretaries that saw the manager believed the professors .	Did the secretaries believe the professors ?	yes
The doctors who waited supported the president .	Did the doctors support the president ?	yes
The scientists that the banker admired avoided the secretary .	Did the scientists avoid the secretary ?	yes
The scientist that avoided the tourist recognized the students .	Did the scientist recognize the students ?	yes
The scientists that the president stopped thanked the author .	Did the scientists thank the author ?	yes
The managers that introduced the presidents stopped the secretaries .	Did the managers stop the secretaries ?	yes
The actor that stopped the athlete called the president .	Did the actor call the president ?	yes
The artist who saw the athlete admired the scientists .	Did the artist admire the scientists ?	yes
The senator who avoided the athletes stopped the doctors .	Did the senator stop the doctors ?	yes
The judge that the presidents recognized contacted the actor .	Did the judge contact the actor ?	yes
The artist that arrived advised the student .	Did the artist advise the student ?	yes
The banker that the professor admired avoided the presidents .	Did the banker avoid the presidents ?	yes
The artists who performed avoided the tourists .	Did the artists avoid the tourists ?	yes
The scientists who called the actors encouraged the presidents .	Did the scientists encourage the presidents ?	yes
The scientists that admired the actors introduced the artists .	Did the scientists introduce the artists ?	yes
The secretaries that the tourist stopped contacted the athlete .	Did the secretaries contact the athlete ?	yes
The artist that the scientist advised mentioned the professors .	Did the artist mention the professors ?	yes
The senators that recommended the tourist advised the author .	Did the senators advise the author ?	yes
The managers who the artist saw called the judges .	Did the managers call the judges ?	yes
The student who resigned saw the manager .	Did the student see the manager ?	yes
The managers who advised the secretary called the actor .	Did the managers call the actor ?	yes
The authors that ran helped the bankers .	Did the authors help the bankers ?	yes
The scientists that performed thanked the judge .	Did the scientists thank the judge ?	yes
The artist who called the athlete saw the judge .	Did the artist see the judge ?	yes
The senators who mentioned the athlete contacted the bankers .	Did the senators contact the bankers ?	yes
The tourist that shouted believed the students .	Did the tourist believe the students ?	yes
The scientist that supported the bankers admired the professor .	Did the scientist admire the professor ?	yes
The lawyer who the tourists admired recognized the author .	Did the lawyer recognize the author ?	yes
The authors who the senators admired supported the doctor .	Did the authors support the doctor ?	yes
The artist who resigned recognized the athletes .	Did the artist recognize the athletes ?	yes
The tourist that the doctors thanked helped the professors .	Did the tourist help the professors ?	yes
The lawyer that contacted the athletes mentioned the professors .	Did the lawyer mention the professors ?	yes
The author who ran recognized the professors .	Did the author recognize the professors ?	yes
The lawyer who admired the athlete called the presidents .	Did the lawyer call the presidents ?	yes
The athlete who waited mentioned the doctor .	Did the athlete mention the doctor ?	yes
The bankers that the secretaries supported recommended the student .	Did the bankers recommend the student ?	yes
The judge who resigned thanked the senators .	Did the judge thank the senators ?	yes
The presidents that the students advised saw the senators .	Did the presidents see the senators ?	yes
The scientist that arrived contacted the author .	Did the scientist contact the author ?	yes
The student that saw the secretaries recommended the judge .	Did the student recommend the judge ?	yes
The banker that the senator supported contacted the lawyers .	Did the banker contact the lawyers ?	yes
The professor who avoided the bankers supported the judges .	Did the professor support the judges ?	yes
The judges who danced advised the tourist .	Did the judges advise the tourist ?	yes
The secretaries that the athletes stopped helped the student .	Did the secretaries help the student ?	yes
The athletes who danced advised the lawyer .	Did the athletes advise the lawyer ?	yes
The bankers that the professors mentioned believed the athlete .	Did the bankers believe the athlete ?	yes
The senators who performed called the athletes .	Did the senators call the athletes ?	yes
The doctors who helped the athletes thanked the author .	Did the doctors thank the author ?	yes
The president who encouraged the professor admired the secretaries .	Did the president admire the secretaries ?	yes
The senators who called the tourist thanked the author .	Did the senators thank the author ?	yes
The actor that the secretary admired introduced the student .	Did the actor introduce the student ?	yes
The judge who performed encouraged the artists .	Did the judge encourage the artists ?	yes
The lawyer who encouraged the judge called the banker .	Did the lawyer call the banker ?	yes
The bankers that the professors believed helped the judges .	Did the bankers help the judges ?	yes
The students that danced thanked the professor .	Did the students thank the professor ?	yes
The presidents who resigned introduced the athlete .	Did the presidents introduce the athlete ?	yes
The presidents who the senator stopped believed the lawyer .	Did the presidents believe the lawyer ?	yes
The artists that avoided the secretary admired the tourists .	Did the artists admire the tourists ?	yes
The manager who resigned recommended the artist .	Did the manager recommend the artist ?	yes
The artists who the author stopped introduced the doctors .	Did the artists introduce the doctors ?	yes
The bankers who supported the tourist admired the presidents .	Did the bankers admire the presidents ?	yes
The athlete who thanked the scientist avoided the doctor .	Did the athlete avoid the doctor ?	yes
The authors that danced saw the lawyer .	Did the authors see the lawyer ?	yes
The author who recognized the athlete encouraged the president .	Did the author encourage the president ?	yes
The senator that ran thanked the president .	Did the senator thank the president ?	yes
The senators who the artist avoided encouraged the secretary .	Did the senators encourage the secretary ?	yes
The manager that the judge recommended advised the artists .	Did the manager advise the artists ?	yes
The senator who waited avoided the actor .	Did the senator avoid the actor ?	yes
The authors who ran recognized the senator .	Did the authors recognize the senator ?	yes
The judge who encouraged the author recommended the managers .	Did the judge recommend the managers ?	yes
The doctors that slept encouraged the secretary .	Did the doctors encourage the secretary ?	yes
The actor that the professor introduced recognized the lawyer .	Did the actor recognize the lawyer ?	yes
The tourist that the athlete stopped advised the authors .	Did the tourist advise the authors ?	yes
The managers who slept encouraged the scientist .	Did the managers encourage the scientist ?	yes
The students that resigned advised the lawyer .	Did the students advise the lawyer ?	yes
The author who arrived stopped the actor .	Did the author stop the actor ?	yes
The presidents who the author supported recognized the judge .	Did the presidents recognize the judge ?	yes
The artist that ran encouraged the professors .	Did the artist encourage the professors ?	yes
The lawyer who the student introduced contacted the senators .	Did the lawyer contact the senators ?	yes
The athlete that slept mentioned the actor .	Did the athlete mention the actor ?	yes
The lawyers who recognized the professors believed the judge .	Did the lawyers believe the judge ?	yes
The scientists that ran admired the athletes .	Did the scientists admire the athletes ?	yes
The author that the athlete admired thanked the senators .	Did the author thank the senators ?	yes
The actors that waited called the managers .	Did the actors call the managers ?	yes
The doctors that the author recognized believed the senator .	Did the doctors believe the senator ?	yes
The artist who slept recommended the athletes .	Did the artist recommend the athletes ?	yes
The doctor that the secretaries saw thanked the scientists .	Did the doctor thank the scientists ?	yes
The banker that performed recommended the actor .	Did the banker recommend the actor ?	yes
The judge who the president saw mentioned the artist .	Did the judge mention the artist ?	yes
The professor who performed believed the lawyer .	Did the professor believe the lawyer ?	yes
The judges who waited encouraged the actor .	Did the judges encourage the actor ?	yes
The actor that the doctors encouraged helped the professor .	Did the actor help the professor ?	yes
The doctor who supported the artists stopped the authors .	Did the doctor stop the authors ?	yes
The actors that the students mentioned thanked the professor .	Did the actors thank the professor ?	yes
The artist that the presidents believed encouraged the tourist .	Did the artist encourage the tourist ?	yes
The secretaries that introduced the athlete admired the author .	Did the secretaries admire the author ?	yes
The artists that the athlete thanked contacted the students .	Did the artists contact the students ?	yes
The scientists that the lawyer thanked helped the senators .	Did the scientists help the senators ?	yes
The judge who arrived called the artists .	Did the judge call the artists ?	yes
The senators that slept contacted the lawyers .	Did the senators contact the lawyers ?	yes
The author that the tourists helped introduced the manager .	Did the author introduce the manager ?	yes
The lawyers that shouted recommended the manager .	Did the lawyers recommend the manager ?	yes
The secretary who the judges supported saw the professors .	Did the secretary see the professors ?	yes
The authors who mentioned the lawyer encouraged the actor .	Did the authors encourage the actor ?	yes
The tourist who waited recognized the manager .	Did the tourist recognize the manager ?	yes
The tourists that performed saw the president .	Did the tourists see the president ?	yes
The judge that waited stopped the authors .	Did the judge stop the authors ?	yes
The doctor that slept helped the banker .	Did the doctor help the banker ?	yes
The doctor who slept admired the bankers .	Did the doctor admire the bankers ?	yes
The managers that the athletes advised recognized the authors .	Did the managers recognize the authors ?	yes
The presidents who slept admired the athletes .	Did the presidents admire the athletes ?	yes
The banker that the doctor introduced recommended the president .	Did the banker recommend the president ?	yes
The judges who recommended the manager avoided the scientist .	Did the judges avoid the scientist ?	yes
The scientists who introduced the secretaries advised the authors .	Did the scientists advise the authors ?	yes
The actors that waited helped the judges .	Did the actors help the judges ?	yes
The student that the senators supported called the judges .	Did the student call the judges ?	yes
The athletes who shouted saw the presidents .	Did the athletes see the presidents ?	yes
The bankers who introduced the manager thanked the professor .	Did the bankers thank the professor ?	yes
The tourists and the senators admired the athletes .	Did the tourists admire the athletes ?	yes
The professors and the lawyers recommended the student .	Did the professors recommend the student ?	yes
The secretaries encouraged the scientists and the actors .	Did the secretaries encourage the actors ?	yes
The actors and the tourists avoided the lawyers .	Did the actors avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The professors and the judge mentioned the senator .	Did the professors mention the senator ?	yes
The manager and the banker recognized the senator .	Did the manager recognize the senator ?	yes
The managers encouraged the senator and the lawyer .	Did the managers encourage the lawyer ?	yes
The student and the athlete believed the artists .	Did the student believe the artists ?	yes
The tourist and the presidents mentioned the professor .	Did the tourist mention the professor ?	yes
The artist advised the banker and the athlete .	Did the artist advise the athlete ?	yes
The artists admired the doctors and the bankers .	Did the artists admire the bankers ?	yes
The president and the authors saw the students .	Did the president see the students ?	yes
The presidents contacted the students and the senators .	Did the presidents contact the senators ?	yes
The judge and the manager stopped the scientists .	Did the judge stop the scientists ?	yes
The banker recognized the students and the professors .	Did the banker recognize the professors ?	yes
The managers encouraged the banker and the artists .	Did the managers encourage the artists ?	yes
The professors encouraged the athlete and the scientists .	Did the professors encourage the scientists ?	yes
The scientists and the presidents saw the athlete .	Did the scientists see the athlete ?	yes
The actors believed the managers and the authors .	Did the actors believe the authors ?	yes
The tourist stopped the secretaries and the banker .	Did the tourist stop the banker ?	yes
The lawyers and the tourists saw the athletes .	Did the lawyers see the athletes ?	yes
The managers and the judges believed the tourist .	Did the managers believe the tourist ?	yes
The lawyers encouraged the student and the tourist .	Did the lawyers encourage the tourist ?	yes
The artists and the authors supported the students .	Did the artists support the students ?	yes
The scientists helped the secretary and the artists .	Did the scientists help the artists ?	yes
The lawyers and the scientist avoided the actor .	Did the lawyers avoid the actor ?	yes
The managers and the banker called the lawyer .	Did the managers call the lawyer ?	yes
The doctor recommended the authors and the secretaries .	Did the doctor recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The senators and the student admired the judges .	Did the senators admire the judges ?	yes
The scientists and the authors contacted the professor .	Did the scientists contact the professor ?	yes
The scientists and the artists advised the athlete .	Did the scientists advise the athlete ?	yes
The actors and the judges saw the managers .	Did the actors see the managers ?	yes
The senator advised the judges and the secretaries .	Did the senator advise the secretaries ?	yes
The scientist and the athletes introduced the student .	Did the scientist introduce the student ?	yes
The secretary and the doctors mentioned the judge .	Did the secretary mention the judge ?	yes
The athletes contacted the senators and the doctor .	Did the athletes contact the doctor ?	yes
The lawyer encouraged the professor and the managers .	Did the lawyer encourage the managers ?	yes
The professors and the president contacted the secretaries .	Did the professors contact the secretaries ?	yes
The artists and the banker introduced the secretary .	Did the artists introduce the secretary ?	yes
The secretary avoided the authors and the athlete .	Did the secretary avoid the athlete ?	yes
The authors saw the doctor and the athletes .	Did the authors see the athletes ?	yes
The manager and the secretaries contacted the athlete .	Did the manager contact the athlete ?	yes
The actors called the banker and the athlete .	Did the actors call the athlete ?	yes
The actors and the athletes recommended the professors .	Did the actors recommend the professors ?	yes
The tourist recognized the secretary and the actors .	Did the tourist recognize the actors ?	yes
The secretaries and the professors supported the judge .	Did the secretaries support the judge ?	yes
The authors and the artist encouraged the senator .	Did the authors encourage the senator ?	yes
The manager saw the artist and the actors .	Did the manager see the actors ?	yes
The athletes and the students avoided the professors .	Did the athletes avoid the professors ?	yes
The president supported the artist and the tourists .	Did the president support the tourists ?	yes
The judges and the artist called the bankers .	Did the judges call the bankers ?	yes
The bankers and the student supported the lawyers .	Did the bankers support the lawyers ?	yes
The professor advised the athletes and the doctors .	Did the professor advise the doctors ?	yes
The judge contacted the artists and the presidents .	Did the judge contact the presidents ?	yes
The secretaries saw the students and the lawyer .	Did the secretaries see the lawyer ?	yes
The secretaries and the artist stopped the judge .	Did the secretaries stop the judge ?	yes
The managers and the secretary mentioned the artists .	Did the managers mention the artists ?	yes
The lawyers recognized the athlete and the tourists .	Did the lawyers recognize the tourists ?	yes
The lawyers and the actor mentioned the tourist .	Did the lawyers mention the tourist ?	yes
The banker and the author believed the artist .	Did the banker believe the artist ?	yes
The scientists admired the managers and the authors .	Did the scientists admire the authors ?	yes
The scientist and the lawyer thanked the secretaries .	Did the scientist thank the secretaries ?	yes
The artists supported the student and the banker .	Did the artists support the banker ?	yes
The student and the tourists called the athletes .	Did the student call the athletes ?	yes
The banker and the professors advised the secretaries .	Did the banker advise the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyer and the athlete saw the senator .	Did the lawyer see the senator ?	yes
The secretary believed the doctors and the actors .	Did the secretary believe the actors ?	yes
The scientists and the president supported the senators .	Did the scientists support the senators ?	yes
The judge and the lawyers believed the artist .	Did the judge believe the artist ?	yes
The judge thanked the doctor and the managers .	Did the judge thank the managers ?	yes
The managers and the bankers believed the scientist .	Did the managers believe the scientist ?	yes
The bankers avoided the secretary and the doctors .	Did the bankers avoid the doctors ?	yes
The lawyer introduced the athletes and the secretaries .	Did the lawyer introduce the secretaries ?	yes
The tourist and the lawyer introduced the senators .	Did the tourist introduce the senators ?	yes
The athlete and the manager recognized the doctors .	Did the athlete recognize the doctors ?	yes
The bankers and the student called the tourist .	Did the bankers call the tourist ?	yes
The tourists introduced the student and the presidents .	Did the tourists introduce the presidents ?	yes
The secretary advised the artists and the tourists .	Did the secretary advise the tourists ?	yes
The actors and the judges stopped the bankers .	Did the actors stop the bankers ?	yes
The actor and the athlete recognized the scientist .	Did the actor recognize the scientist ?	yes
The judge thanked the bankers and the artists .	Did the judge thank the artists ?	yes
The athlete recognized the presidents and the banker .	Did the athlete recognize the banker ?	yes
The judge and the authors admired the doctors .	Did the judge admire the doctors ?	yes
The tourists stopped the athlete and the student .	Did the tourists stop the student ?	yes
The judge believed the senators and the tourist .	Did the judge believe the tourist ?	yes
The professors advised the actors and the student .	Did the professors advise the student ?	yes
The athlete recognized the author and the lawyers .	Did the athlete recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The actors supported the lawyers and the authors .	Did the actors support the authors ?	yes
The authors and the judges called the senators .	Did the authors call the senators ?	yes
The banker and the actor recommended the scientists .	Did the banker recommend the scientists ?	yes
The banker avoided the scientists and the tourists .	Did the banker avoid the tourists ?	yes
The president encouraged the scientists and the judges .	Did the president encourage the judges ?	yes
The artists avoided the managers and the actors .	Did the artists avoid the actors ?	yes
The students encouraged the tourists and the judges .	Did the students encourage the judges ?	yes
The senators and the professor admired the authors .	Did the senators admire the authors ?	yes
The athlete and the doctors supported the author .	Did the athlete support the author ?	yes
The banker and the secretaries encouraged the judge .	Did the banker encourage the judge ?	yes
The lawyer and the athlete recommended the actors .	Did the lawyer recommend the actors ?	yes
The professor and the manager saw the author .	Did the professor see the author ?	yes
The tourist and the senators helped the manager .	Did the tourist help the manager ?	yes
The manager admired the author and the scientists .	Did the manager admire the scientists ?	yes
The artists stopped the judge and the lawyer .	Did the artists stop the lawyer ?	yes
The president believed the artist and the secretaries .	Did the president believe the secretaries ?	yes
The banker and the professor advised the artist .	Did the banker advise the artist ?	yes
The presidents advised the tourist and the authors .	Did the presidents advise the authors ?	yes
The lawyers and the tourists recognized the professor .	Did the lawyers recognize the professor ?	yes
The presidents admired the doctors and the managers .	Did the presidents admire the managers ?	yes
The author called the tourists and the presidents .	Did the author call the presidents ?	yes
The manager advised the actors and the tourist .	Did the manager advise the tourist ?	yes
The author supported the banker and the secretaries .	Did the author support the secretaries ?	yes
The professors and the manager saw the authors .	Did the professors see the authors ?	yes
The bankers mentioned the senators and the tourist .	Did the bankers mention the tourist ?	yes
The manager and the professor introduced the senators .	Did the manager introduce the senators ?	yes
The banker and the judge supported the president .	Did the banker support the president ?	yes
The judge stopped the students and the lawyers .	Did the judge stop the lawyers ?	yes
The actors and the authors admired the tourists .	Did the actors admire the tourists ?	yes
The athlete and the judges advised the artist .	Did the athlete advise the artist ?	yes
The athlete and the student thanked the professors .	Did the athlete thank the professors ?	yes
The secretary and the student helped the professor .	Did the secretary help the professor ?	yes
The professors helped the presidents and the student .	Did the professors help the student ?	yes
The secretary and the doctor helped the lawyers .	Did the secretary help the lawyers ?	yes
The managers and the bankers admired the doctor .	Did the managers admire the doctor ?	yes
The artists called the presidents and the manager .	Did the artists call the manager ?	yes
The lawyer and the senator saw the authors .	Did the lawyer see the authors ?	yes
The presidents helped the bankers and the judges .	Did the presidents help the judges ?	yes
The artist stopped the students and the tourist .	Did the artist stop the tourist ?	yes
The senators and the student recommended the artist .	Did the senators recommend the artist ?	yes
The athletes and the secretary recognized the authors .	Did the athletes recognize the authors ?	yes
The scientists contacted the secretary and the professor .	Did the scientists contact the professor ?	yes
The athletes avoided the actor and the banker .	Did the athletes avoid the banker ?	yes
The judges and the scientist mentioned the lawyers .	Did the judges mention the lawyers ?	yes
The manager advised the lawyers and the artists .	Did the manager advise the artists ?	yes
The doctor and the artists mentioned the bankers .	Did the doctor mention the bankers ?	yes
The artists recognized the authors and the managers .	Did the artists recognize the managers ?	yes
The banker recommended the tourist and the actors .	Did the banker recommend the actors ?	yes
The lawyer and the actor supported the secretary .	Did the lawyer support the secretary ?	yes
The tourists advised the author and the judge .	Did the tourists advise the judge ?	yes
The author advised the bankers and the managers .	Did the author advise the managers ?	yes
The professors introduced the scientists and the lawyers .	Did the professors introduce the lawyers ?	yes
The scientist believed the judges and the bankers .	Did the scientist believe the bankers ?	yes
The artist and the lawyers admired the banker .	Did the artist admire the banker ?	yes
The manager admired the banker and the doctor .	Did the manager admire the doctor ?	yes
The judge mentioned the banker and the tourist .	Did the judge mention the tourist ?	yes
The senator saw the banker and the artists .	Did the senator see the artists ?	yes
The artists introduced the professors and the judge .	Did the artists introduce the judge ?	yes
The lawyers avoided the senator and the tourist .	Did the lawyers avoid the tourist ?	yes
The scientist thanked the athletes and the banker .	Did the scientist thank the banker ?	yes
The actor recognized the scientists and the bankers .	Did the actor recognize the bankers ?	yes
The authors and the lawyers introduced the actor .	Did the authors introduce the actor ?	yes
The lawyer thanked the manager and the senators .	Did the lawyer thank the senators ?	yes
The bankers and the artists avoided the professor .	Did the bankers avoid the professor ?	yes
The tourist mentioned the student and the athletes .	Did the tourist mention the athletes ?	yes
The lawyers stopped the professors and the manager .	Did the lawyers stop the manager ?	yes
The judges and the actor recommended the student .	Did the judges recommend the student ?	yes
The professor saw the managers and the banker .	Did the professor see the banker ?	yes
The secretaries supported the tourist and the banker .	Did the secretaries support the banker ?	yes
The scientist helped the student and the president .	Did the scientist help the president ?	yes
The tourists stopped the senators and the scientists .	Did the tourists stop the scientists ?	yes
The bankers saw the student and the artists .	Did the bankers see the artists ?	yes
The judge and the managers recommended the authors .	Did the judge recommend the authors ?	yes
The actors and the student advised the doctor .	Did the actors advise the doctor ?	yes
The senator supported the presidents and the scientists .	Did the senator support the scientists ?	yes
The senators advised the actor and the judge .	Did the senators advise the judge ?	yes
The bankers advised the lawyers and the professor .	Did the bankers advise the professor ?	yes
The bankers contacted the scientists and the student .	Did the bankers contact the student ?	yes
The artist called the doctor and the actors .	Did the artist call the actors ?	yes
The managers and the lawyer introduced the student .	Did the managers introduce the student ?	yes
The secretaries and the scientist supported the student .	Did the secretaries support the student ?	yes
The judges recognized the scientists and the secretary .	Did the judges recognize the secretary ?	yes
The student recommended the manager and the lawyers .	Did the student recommend the lawyers ?	yes
The scientist and the author contacted the judges .	Did the scientist contact the judges ?	yes
The student and the senator encouraged the judges .	Did the student encourage the judges ?	yes
The scientist and the artists encouraged the tourists .	Did the scientist encourage the tourists ?	yes
The senator admired the professor and the actor .	Did the senator admire the actor ?	yes
The tourists and the artists believed the banker .	Did the tourists believe the banker ?	yes
The authors and the manager stopped the actors .	Did the authors stop the actors ?	yes
The professors and the author admired the lawyers .	Did the professors admire the lawyers ?	yes
The professor and the lawyers stopped the judge .	Did the professor stop the judge ?	yes
The professors and the scientist avoided the athletes .	Did the professors avoid the athletes ?	yes
The authors and the students avoided the scientists .	Did the authors avoid the scientists ?	yes
The banker and the professors introduced the lawyers .	Did the banker introduce the lawyers ?	yes
The authors and the professors called the manager .	Did the authors call the manager ?	yes
The doctor and the lawyers thanked the tourists .	Did the doctor thank the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer and the secretaries called the scientists .	Did the lawyer call the scientists ?	yes
The athletes advised the doctors and the secretary .	Did the athletes advise the secretary ?	yes
The professor and the senator thanked the lawyer .	Did the professor thank the lawyer ?	yes
The tourists introduced the scientist and the judge .	Did the tourists introduce the judge ?	yes
The scientists and the athletes contacted the lawyers .	Did the scientists contact the lawyers ?	yes
The artists encouraged the author and the president .	Did the artists encourage the president ?	yes
The student and the author saw the doctor .	Did the student see the doctor ?	yes
The athletes believed the professors and the lawyer .	Did the athletes believe the lawyer ?	yes
The senator admired the secretaries and the athletes .	Did the senator admire the athletes ?	yes
The scientist and the secretary advised the doctors .	Did the scientist advise the doctors ?	yes
The manager and the lawyers contacted the judges .	Did the manager contact the judges ?	yes
The tourist advised the lawyers and the senator .	Did the tourist advise the senator ?	yes
The doctor supported the student and the actor .	Did the doctor support the actor ?	yes
The tourist introduced the athletes and the professor .	Did the tourist introduce the professor ?	yes
The actor helped the manager and the senators .	Did the actor help the senators ?	yes
The actor advised the senators and the president .	Did the actor advise the president ?	yes
The artist recommended the secretaries and the athlete .	Did the artist recommend the athlete ?	yes
The actor encouraged the president and the author .	Did the actor encourage the author ?	yes
The artist believed the actors and the judge .	Did the artist believe the judge ?	yes
The actor and the athletes supported the lawyer .	Did the actor support the lawyer ?	yes
The artists and the president thanked the tourists .	Did the artists thank the tourists ?	yes
The scientists and the artists contacted the authors .	Did the scientists contact the authors ?	yes
The students stopped the judge and the manager .	Did the students stop the manager ?	yes
The manager helped the doctors and the artists .	Did the manager help the artists ?	yes
The lawyers believed the presidents and the professors .	Did the lawyers believe the professors ?	yes
The scientists stopped the artists and the bankers .	Did the scientists stop the bankers ?	yes
The judges contacted the students and the lawyers .	Did the judges contact the lawyers ?	yes
The author and the scientists believed the secretaries .	Did the author believe the secretaries ?	yes
The artists mentioned the senators and the professor .	Did the artists mention the professor ?	yes
The artists and the lawyer saw the students .	Did the artists see the students ?	yes
The author and the scientists supported the tourist .	Did the author support the tourist ?	yes
The managers recommended the athlete and the tourist .	Did the managers recommend the tourist ?	yes
The judge and the presidents recognized the lawyers .	Did the judge recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The scientists encouraged the presidents and the judge .	Did the scientists encourage the judge ?	yes
The lawyers mentioned the actors and the judge .	Did the lawyers mention the judge ?	yes
The professors admired the senator and the lawyer .	Did the professors admire the lawyer ?	yes
The actors avoided the professors and the athlete .	Did the actors avoid the athlete ?	yes
The actor stopped the author and the professor .	Did the actor stop the professor ?	yes
The judges and the doctor stopped the scientist .	Did the judges stop the scientist ?	yes
The lawyers avoided the senators and the athletes .	Did the lawyers avoid the athletes ?	yes
The scientists encouraged the president and the professors .	Did the scientists encourage the professors ?	yes
The doctors and the athletes mentioned the student .	Did the doctors mention the student ?	yes
The secretaries and the authors believed the students .	Did the secretaries believe the students ?	yes
The bankers avoided the athlete and the tourist .	Did the bankers avoid the tourist ?	yes
The author believed the scientists and the lawyer .	Did the author believe the lawyer ?	yes
The tourists stopped the banker and the judge .	Did the tourists stop the judge ?	yes
The secretary helped the judge and the lawyer .	Did the secretary help the lawyer ?	yes
The author encouraged the athlete and the secretary .	Did the author encourage the secretary ?	yes
The judge stopped the tourists and the athletes .	Did the judge stop the athletes ?	yes
The students stopped the secretary and the senator .	Did the students stop the senator ?	yes
The athlete introduced the artist and the doctors .	Did the athlete introduce the doctors ?	yes
The athlete believed the artists and the students .	Did the athlete believe the students ?	yes
The doctor recommended the scientist and the bankers .	Did the doctor recommend the bankers ?	yes
The lawyers and the athletes thanked the senators .	Did the lawyers thank the senators ?	yes
The lawyer encouraged the doctor and the secretary .	Did the lawyer encourage the secretary ?	yes
The senator and the secretaries advised the lawyer .	Did the senator advise the lawyer ?	yes
The actors and the manager saw the authors .	Did the actors see the authors ?	yes
The scientists and the artist avoided the secretaries .	Did the scientists avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The athlete supported the lawyers and the senators .	Did the athlete support the senators ?	yes
The scientists and the tourist believed the actors .	Did the scientists believe the actors ?	yes
The author and the artist mentioned the scientist .	Did the author mention the scientist ?	yes
The artists and the authors helped the secretary .	Did the artists help the secretary ?	yes
The bankers and the senator encouraged the professors .	Did the bankers encourage the professors ?	yes
The senator and the author recommended the athlete .	Did the senator recommend the athlete ?	yes
The students and the lawyer stopped the manager .	Did the students stop the manager ?	yes
The professors avoided the judge and the actor .	Did the professors avoid the actor ?	yes
The senators advised the athlete and the president .	Did the senators advise the president ?	yes
The president and the senator introduced the students .	Did the president introduce the students ?	yes
The student and the senator saw the athlete .	Did the student see the athlete ?	yes
The actors and the professor avoided the judges .	Did the actors avoid the judges ?	yes
The authors contacted the scientist and the actor .	Did the authors contact the actor ?	yes
The authors contacted the manager and the bankers .	Did the authors contact the bankers ?	yes
The scientists contacted the manager and the tourists .	Did the scientists contact the tourists ?	yes
The professors mentioned the senators and the authors .	Did the professors mention the authors ?	yes
The artist and the professor thanked the actors .	Did the artist thank the actors ?	yes
The tourists thanked the students and the athlete .	Did the tourists thank the athlete ?	yes
The tourists admired the athletes and the senator .	Did the tourists admire the senator ?	yes
The presidents and the professor mentioned the lawyers .	Did the presidents mention the lawyers ?	yes
The actor and the doctors saw the senators .	Did the actor see the senators ?	yes
The professor and the tourist recognized the judges .	Did the professor recognize the judges ?	yes
The senator contacted the professor and the secretary .	Did the senator contact the secretary ?	yes
The author and the student recognized the presidents .	Did the author recognize the presidents ?	yes
The professor and the actor advised the doctors .	Did the professor advise the doctors ?	yes
The student introduced the scientist and the doctors .	Did the student introduce the doctors ?	yes
The president contacted the artists and the senator .	Did the president contact the senator ?	yes
The actor and the athletes recognized the tourists .	Did the actor recognize the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer and the professors recommended the managers .	Did the lawyer recommend the managers ?	yes
The athletes admired the professor and the doctor .	Did the athletes admire the doctor ?	yes
The professor thanked the doctors and the actor .	Did the professor thank the actor ?	yes
The tourists believed the professors and the student .	Did the tourists believe the student ?	yes
The presidents and the students recommended the lawyers .	Did the presidents recommend the lawyers ?	yes
The athletes and the bankers saw the authors .	Did the athletes see the authors ?	yes
The athlete and the artist stopped the president .	Did the athlete stop the president ?	yes
The actors and the athletes called the managers .	Did the actors call the managers ?	yes
The senators mentioned the author and the tourist .	Did the senators mention the tourist ?	yes
The lawyers and the bankers called the student .	Did the lawyers call the student ?	yes
The student avoided the bankers and the president .	Did the student avoid the president ?	yes
The actor recognized the lawyers and the doctors .	Did the actor recognize the doctors ?	yes
The students and the doctors introduced the tourist .	Did the students introduce the tourist ?	yes
The lawyers and the artists saw the secretary .	Did the lawyers see the secretary ?	yes
The authors saw the tourist and the actors .	Did the authors see the actors ?	yes
The doctors supported the lawyers and the professor .	Did the doctors support the professor ?	yes
The lawyer and the judge supported the bankers .	Did the lawyer support the bankers ?	yes
The secretary stopped the president and the students .	Did the secretary stop the students ?	yes
The student called the secretaries and the author .	Did the student call the author ?	yes
The manager and the professor believed the student .	Did the manager believe the student ?	yes
The judge recommended the professor and the actors .	Did the judge recommend the actors ?	yes
The managers advised the tourists and the author .	Did the managers advise the author ?	yes
The authors and the scientists admired the athletes .	Did the authors admire the athletes ?	yes
The actors recognized the tourist and the scientists .	Did the actors recognize the scientists ?	yes
The doctor supported the students and the manager .	Did the doctor support the manager ?	yes
The secretary and the lawyers called the president .	Did the secretary call the president ?	yes
The lawyer advised the athlete and the artists .	Did the lawyer advise the artists ?	yes
The students called the artist and the senator .	Did the students call the senator ?	yes
The actors recognized the author and the students .	Did the actors recognize the students ?	yes
The manager and the doctors stopped the judge .	Did the manager stop the judge ?	yes
The managers mentioned the tourist and the presidents .	Did the managers mention the presidents ?	yes
The students and the senator contacted the lawyer .	Did the students contact the lawyer ?	yes
The manager and the banker recommended the professors .	Did the manager recommend the professors ?	yes
The doctor mentioned the judge and the athlete .	Did the doctor mention the athlete ?	yes
The student and the senators encouraged the tourists .	Did the student encourage the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer saw the authors and the managers .	Did the lawyer see the managers ?	yes
The secretaries and the judge stopped the doctor .	Did the secretaries stop the doctor ?	yes
The lawyer recognized the senators and the artist .	Did the lawyer recognize the artist ?	yes
The authors thanked the professor and the presidents .	Did the authors thank the presidents ?	yes
The actors recommended the scientists and the athletes .	Did the actors recommend the athletes ?	yes
The manager and the banker believed the artist .	Did the manager believe the artist ?	yes
The professors and the student believed the authors .	Did the professors believe the authors ?	yes
The senators and the lawyers believed the scientist .	Did the senators believe the scientist ?	yes
The secretary saw the author and the artist .	Did the secretary see the artist ?	yes
The authors thanked the athlete and the scientist .	Did the authors thank the scientist ?	yes
The actors and the lawyer called the senator .	Did the actors call the senator ?	yes
The athlete helped the secretaries and the senators .	Did the athlete help the senators ?	yes
The scientist and the tourist contacted the doctors .	Did the scientist contact the doctors ?	yes
The athletes called the managers and the presidents .	Did the athletes call the presidents ?	yes
The managers called the senator and the student .	Did the managers call the student ?	yes
The president and the artist saw the professors .	Did the president see the professors ?	yes
The scientists saw the senator and the judge .	Did the scientists see the judge ?	yes
The judges and the athlete saw the banker .	Did the judges see the banker ?	yes
The author thanked the banker and the tourists .	Did the author thank the tourists ?	yes
The secretary mentioned the professor and the judge .	Did the secretary mention the judge ?	yes
The doctor and the athlete introduced the artist .	Did the doctor introduce the artist ?	yes
The actors and the authors supported the president .	Did the actors support the president ?	yes
The athletes and the student thanked the judge .	Did the athletes thank the judge ?	yes
The artist and the lawyer saw the managers .	Did the artist see the managers ?	yes
The senator recommended the professors and the tourist .	Did the senator recommend the tourist ?	yes
The bankers and the senator helped the secretaries .	Did the bankers help the secretaries ?	yes
The tourist and the secretary avoided the authors .	Did the tourist avoid the authors ?	yes
The president and the lawyers introduced the secretaries .	Did the president introduce the secretaries ?	yes
The authors and the artist supported the athlete .	Did the authors support the athlete ?	yes
The author recognized the managers and the students .	Did the author recognize the students ?	yes
The professor supported the author and the lawyer .	Did the professor support the lawyer ?	yes
The banker and the student saw the professors .	Did the banker see the professors ?	yes
The athlete and the banker advised the lawyer .	Did the athlete advise the lawyer ?	yes
The professors and the bankers supported the tourist .	Did the professors support the tourist ?	yes
The senators believed the actors and the secretaries .	Did the senators believe the secretaries ?	yes
The tourists and the athlete recognized the actor .	Did the tourists recognize the actor ?	yes
The author and the lawyer called the tourists .	Did the author call the tourists ?	yes
The actors stopped the artist and the lawyer .	Did the actors stop the lawyer ?	yes
The authors and the actor avoided the lawyer .	Did the authors avoid the lawyer ?	yes
The actors supported the secretaries and the artists .	Did the actors support the artists ?	yes
The senators called the president and the scientists .	Did the senators call the scientists ?	yes
The professors and the students recommended the senators .	Did the professors recommend the senators ?	yes
The artists thanked the actor and the authors .	Did the artists thank the authors ?	yes
The lawyers saw the presidents and the bankers .	Did the lawyers see the bankers ?	yes
The professors admired the secretary and the actors .	Did the professors admire the actors ?	yes
The athletes supported the artists and the doctor .	Did the athletes support the doctor ?	yes
The athlete believed the professors and the bankers .	Did the athlete believe the bankers ?	yes
The artist and the presidents recommended the judges .	Did the artist recommend the judges ?	yes
The scientist stopped the presidents and the professor .	Did the scientist stop the professor ?	yes
The professor saw the scientists and the president .	Did the professor see the president ?	yes
The secretary and the senators contacted the doctor .	Did the secretary contact the doctor ?	yes
The doctors and the lawyer admired the artist .	Did the doctors admire the artist ?	yes
The president avoided the senator and the athletes .	Did the president avoid the athletes ?	yes
The secretaries saw the lawyer and the athletes .	Did the secretaries see the athletes ?	yes
The presidents helped the tourist and the secretaries .	Did the presidents help the secretaries ?	yes
The artists and the managers advised the president .	Did the artists advise the president ?	yes
The managers and the artists contacted the actors .	Did the managers contact the actors ?	yes
The actor and the lawyers saw the professor .	Did the actor see the professor ?	yes
The presidents helped the doctors and the scientist .	Did the presidents help the scientist ?	yes
The author saw the artists and the students .	Did the author see the students ?	yes
The scientists and the professors mentioned the author .	Did the scientists mention the author ?	yes
The students believed the artist and the secretary .	Did the students believe the secretary ?	yes
The president and the judge mentioned the professors .	Did the president mention the professors ?	yes
The judges thanked the authors and the doctor .	Did the judges thank the doctor ?	yes
The student advised the tourists and the professor .	Did the student advise the professor ?	yes
The tourist contacted the judges and the manager .	Did the tourist contact the manager ?	yes
The athlete and the judge advised the professor .	Did the athlete advise the professor ?	yes
The secretary contacted the actors and the artists .	Did the secretary contact the artists ?	yes
The students and the tourists introduced the doctor .	Did the students introduce the doctor ?	yes
The judges recommended the professors and the artists .	Did the judges recommend the artists ?	yes
The author and the senators saw the lawyer .	Did the author see the lawyer ?	yes
The senator thanked the lawyer and the secretaries .	Did the senator thank the secretaries ?	yes
The manager avoided the professors and the artists .	Did the manager avoid the artists ?	yes
The judges thanked the athletes and the manager .	Did the judges thank the manager ?	yes
The manager and the authors encouraged the senator .	Did the manager encourage the senator ?	yes
The artists mentioned the doctor and the president .	Did the artists mention the president ?	yes
The student and the senator encouraged the scientists .	Did the student encourage the scientists ?	yes
The judge and the artist avoided the professors .	Did the judge avoid the professors ?	yes
The judge introduced the senators and the banker .	Did the judge introduce the banker ?	yes
The tourists contacted the students and the banker .	Did the tourists contact the banker ?	yes
The tourists and the athlete advised the judges .	Did the tourists advise the judges ?	yes
The manager introduced the student and the banker .	Did the manager introduce the banker ?	yes
The authors contacted the tourists and the manager .	Did the authors contact the manager ?	yes
The senator recommended the student and the lawyer .	Did the senator recommend the lawyer ?	yes
The senators called the student and the professor .	Did the senators call the professor ?	yes
The manager encouraged the tourist and the scientists .	Did the manager encourage the scientists ?	yes
The lawyer helped the athletes and the manager .	Did the lawyer help the manager ?	yes
The presidents called the artists and the authors .	Did the presidents call the authors ?	yes
The secretary helped the athletes and the judge .	Did the secretary help the judge ?	yes
The artist thanked the author and the scientists .	Did the artist thank the scientists ?	yes
The bankers and the scientists admired the artist .	Did the bankers admire the artist ?	yes
The tourists recommended the author and the secretary .	Did the tourists recommend the secretary ?	yes
The athletes recognized the presidents and the scientists .	Did the athletes recognize the scientists ?	yes
The tourists recommended the scientists and the manager .	Did the tourists recommend the manager ?	yes
The athlete and the lawyer encouraged the senators .	Did the athlete encourage the senators ?	yes
The scientist and the actor called the president .	Did the scientist call the president ?	yes
The presidents and the doctor avoided the author .	Did the presidents avoid the author ?	yes
The professor admired the president and the actors .	Did the professor admire the actors ?	yes
The managers and the author recommended the professors .	Did the managers recommend the professors ?	yes
The student introduced the secretary and the athletes .	Did the student introduce the athletes ?	yes
The authors and the athlete encouraged the actor .	Did the authors encourage the actor ?	yes
The tourists called the senators and the banker .	Did the tourists call the banker ?	yes
The doctor and the bankers believed the professors .	Did the doctor believe the professors ?	yes
The professors and the managers admired the senators .	Did the professors admire the senators ?	yes
The artist and the secretaries recognized the athlete .	Did the artist recognize the athlete ?	yes
The student avoided the actor and the scientists .	Did the student avoid the scientists ?	yes
The secretaries and the senators thanked the athlete .	Did the secretaries thank the athlete ?	yes
The scientist and the artists admired the doctor .	Did the scientist admire the doctor ?	yes
The manager and the scientists recommended the actors .	Did the manager recommend the actors ?	yes
The student and the tourists thanked the athletes .	Did the student thank the athletes ?	yes
The tourists and the senator stopped the student .	Did the tourists stop the student ?	yes
The secretaries mentioned the actor and the lawyer .	Did the secretaries mention the lawyer ?	yes
The actor thanked the author and the judges .	Did the actor thank the judges ?	yes
The judges and the student believed the presidents .	Did the judges believe the presidents ?	yes
The actor mentioned the lawyers and the artists .	Did the actor mention the artists ?	yes
The banker and the manager admired the judge .	Did the banker admire the judge ?	yes
The actors and the artists contacted the tourists .	Did the actors contact the tourists ?	yes
The judges called the athlete and the doctors .	Did the judges call the doctors ?	yes
The senator and the tourist admired the student .	Did the senator admire the student ?	yes
The student encouraged the artists and the senators .	Did the student encourage the senators ?	yes
The senator and the student contacted the author .	Did the senator contact the author ?	yes
The secretaries believed the students and the professors .	Did the secretaries believe the professors ?	yes
The author and the professor mentioned the doctor .	Did the author mention the doctor ?	yes
The judge and the president advised the scientist .	Did the judge advise the scientist ?	yes
The professors introduced the tourists and the lawyer .	Did the professors introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyer and the authors called the bankers .	Did the lawyer call the bankers ?	yes
The manager and the secretaries avoided the artists .	Did the manager avoid the artists ?	yes
The lawyer encouraged the scientists and the bankers .	Did the lawyer encourage the bankers ?	yes
The bankers and the managers contacted the lawyer .	Did the bankers contact the lawyer ?	yes
The students supported the doctors and the artists .	Did the students support the artists ?	yes
The athletes advised the actors and the manager .	Did the athletes advise the manager ?	yes
The actors mentioned the secretary and the students .	Did the actors mention the students ?	yes
The senator supported the judges and the president .	Did the senator support the president ?	yes
The athletes and the manager thanked the artist .	Did the athletes thank the artist ?	yes
The judges and the senators admired the athletes .	Did the judges admire the athletes ?	yes
The authors recognized the tourist and the scientist .	Did the authors recognize the scientist ?	yes
The presidents called the senators and the actors .	Did the presidents call the actors ?	yes
The presidents contacted the lawyer and the students .	Did the presidents contact the students ?	yes
The athlete and the banker helped the scientist .	Did the athlete help the scientist ?	yes
The students and the presidents advised the senator .	Did the students advise the senator ?	yes
The authors mentioned the actor and the athlete .	Did the authors mention the athlete ?	yes
The secretary and the athletes contacted the judges .	Did the secretary contact the judges ?	yes
The senator and the professor thanked the manager .	Did the senator thank the manager ?	yes
The actor and the athletes introduced the artist .	Did the actor introduce the artist ?	yes
The senator and the author introduced the lawyers .	Did the senator introduce the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyer and the doctor mentioned the manager .	Did the lawyer mention the manager ?	yes
The judge admired the bankers and the athlete .	Did the judge admire the athlete ?	yes
The judges and the actors helped the manager .	Did the judges help the manager ?	yes
The students and the authors advised the athlete .	Did the students advise the athlete ?	yes
The bankers saw the authors and the manager .	Did the bankers see the manager ?	yes
The judges and the student saw the managers .	Did the judges see the managers ?	yes
The banker mentioned the authors and the secretary .	Did the banker mention the secretary ?	yes
The doctors and the tourists mentioned the managers .	Did the doctors mention the managers ?	yes
The doctors and the scientist thanked the presidents .	Did the doctors thank the presidents ?	yes
The athlete and the senators recommended the authors .	Did the athlete recommend the authors ?	yes
The banker stopped the tourists and the president .	Did the banker stop the president ?	yes
The professor contacted the authors and the manager .	Did the professor contact the manager ?	yes
The lawyers and the actor recommended the presidents .	Did the lawyers recommend the presidents ?	yes
The tourist and the manager believed the president .	Did the tourist believe the president ?	yes
The judge and the actors helped the author .	Did the judge help the author ?	yes
The actors helped the tourist and the president .	Did the actors help the president ?	yes
The banker and the student contacted the athletes .	Did the banker contact the athletes ?	yes
The scientist helped the senators and the student .	Did the scientist help the student ?	yes
The senators believed the scientist and the presidents .	Did the senators believe the presidents ?	yes
The actors and the judges avoided the manager .	Did the actors avoid the manager ?	yes
The actor and the students thanked the senator .	Did the actor thank the senator ?	yes
The professor helped the student and the banker .	Did the professor help the banker ?	yes
The president mentioned the actors and the banker .	Did the president mention the banker ?	yes
The artist admired the professors and the manager .	Did the artist admire the manager ?	yes
The doctor and the students saw the author .	Did the doctor see the author ?	yes
The artist and the judges saw the senators .	Did the artist see the senators ?	yes
The professor and the banker recognized the manager .	Did the professor recognize the manager ?	yes
The judge and the bankers recommended the authors .	Did the judge recommend the authors ?	yes
The athletes and the president advised the artist .	Did the athletes advise the artist ?	yes
The actor and the managers recommended the athletes .	Did the actor recommend the athletes ?	yes
The artist thanked the doctor and the scientists .	Did the artist thank the scientists ?	yes
The doctors and the professors stopped the lawyers .	Did the doctors stop the lawyers ?	yes
The actors supported the student and the secretaries .	Did the actors support the secretaries ?	yes
The athlete and the actor recognized the senator .	Did the athlete recognize the senator ?	yes
The president and the students recognized the bankers .	Did the president recognize the bankers ?	yes
The scientists and the professor called the artist .	Did the scientists call the artist ?	yes
The authors and the scientists advised the president .	Did the authors advise the president ?	yes
The doctors and the lawyer stopped the judge .	Did the doctors stop the judge ?	yes
The tourists called the scientist and the bankers .	Did the tourists call the bankers ?	yes
The senator and the student stopped the banker .	Did the senator stop the banker ?	yes
The lawyer and the actor admired the senator .	Did the lawyer admire the senator ?	yes
The lawyers and the artists avoided the professors .	Did the lawyers avoid the professors ?	yes
The actor admired the senators and the judge .	Did the actor admire the judge ?	yes
The senators and the artist recognized the lawyer .	Did the senators recognize the lawyer ?	yes
The artists and the manager advised the president .	Did the artists advise the president ?	yes
The actors and the scientists introduced the manager .	Did the actors introduce the manager ?	yes
The athletes supported the president and the tourist .	Did the athletes support the tourist ?	yes
The professors stopped the athlete and the managers .	Did the professors stop the managers ?	yes
The artist mentioned the tourists and the secretary .	Did the artist mention the secretary ?	yes
The judge and the artist supported the president .	Did the judge support the president ?	yes
The student and the tourists avoided the senators .	Did the student avoid the senators ?	yes
The actor and the judge introduced the students .	Did the actor introduce the students ?	yes
The managers mentioned the senator and the judge .	Did the managers mention the judge ?	yes
The doctors saw the secretaries and the professors .	Did the doctors see the professors ?	yes
The senators helped the presidents and the manager .	Did the senators help the manager ?	yes
The athletes avoided the actors and the banker .	Did the athletes avoid the banker ?	yes
The president encouraged the artist and the lawyer .	Did the president encourage the lawyer ?	yes
The scientist and the president admired the actors .	Did the scientist admire the actors ?	yes
The judges called the banker and the manager .	Did the judges call the manager ?	yes
The lawyer called the tourist and the artist .	Did the lawyer call the artist ?	yes
The manager introduced the senator and the doctors .	Did the manager introduce the doctors ?	yes
The actors admired the artist and the bankers .	Did the actors admire the bankers ?	yes
The scientists and the managers stopped the athletes .	Did the scientists stop the athletes ?	yes
The tourists and the professors mentioned the judges .	Did the tourists mention the judges ?	yes
The doctors contacted the presidents and the actors .	Did the doctors contact the actors ?	yes
The student and the secretary admired the artists .	Did the student admire the artists ?	yes
The students and the senators saw the lawyer .	Did the students see the lawyer ?	yes
The manager recommended the tourists and the student .	Did the manager recommend the student ?	yes
The student helped the president and the tourists .	Did the student help the tourists ?	yes
The senators and the lawyers supported the doctor .	Did the senators support the doctor ?	yes
The professors introduced the athletes and the tourists .	Did the professors introduce the tourists ?	yes
The artist and the judges admired the tourists .	Did the artist admire the tourists ?	yes
The scientist and the judge thanked the doctors .	Did the scientist thank the doctors ?	yes
The manager and the artists believed the scientists .	Did the manager believe the scientists ?	yes
The athlete and the artist stopped the banker .	Did the athlete stop the banker ?	yes
The judge stopped the secretaries and the lawyer .	Did the judge stop the lawyer ?	yes
The students and the professors recognized the presidents .	Did the students recognize the presidents ?	yes
The president and the author supported the student .	Did the president support the student ?	yes
The scientist and the judge contacted the secretaries .	Did the scientist contact the secretaries ?	yes
The student and the doctor contacted the manager .	Did the student contact the manager ?	yes
The secretary advised the lawyers and the author .	Did the secretary advise the author ?	yes
The senators and the doctors encouraged the lawyer .	Did the senators encourage the lawyer ?	yes
The senators mentioned the judge and the tourists .	Did the senators mention the tourists ?	yes
The doctors and the manager introduced the scientists .	Did the doctors introduce the scientists ?	yes
The scientists saw the authors and the athletes .	Did the scientists see the athletes ?	yes
The managers and the bankers called the doctors .	Did the managers call the doctors ?	yes
The banker advised the professor and the presidents .	Did the banker advise the presidents ?	yes
The secretaries and the actors recommended the judges .	Did the secretaries recommend the judges ?	yes
The artists and the actors avoided the president .	Did the artists avoid the president ?	yes
The authors and the presidents helped the lawyer .	Did the authors help the lawyer ?	yes
The author advised the tourist and the athletes .	Did the author advise the athletes ?	yes
The senator contacted the artists and the scientists .	Did the senator contact the scientists ?	yes
The lawyers and the students recommended the athletes .	Did the lawyers recommend the athletes ?	yes
The senator introduced the actor and the judge .	Did the senator introduce the judge ?	yes
The tourists helped the senators and the bankers .	Did the tourists help the bankers ?	yes
The scientists and the students saw the secretaries .	Did the scientists see the secretaries ?	yes
The athlete and the judge introduced the tourists .	Did the athlete introduce the tourists ?	yes
The tourists avoided the manager and the bankers .	Did the tourists avoid the bankers ?	yes
The tourists and the scientists avoided the doctor .	Did the tourists avoid the doctor ?	yes
The president stopped the actors and the artists .	Did the president stop the artists ?	yes
The scientist and the lawyers believed the secretary .	Did the scientist believe the secretary ?	yes
The judges mentioned the lawyer and the professors .	Did the judges mention the professors ?	yes
The lawyers and the senator encouraged the scientist .	Did the lawyers encourage the scientist ?	yes
The senators and the student introduced the artists .	Did the senators introduce the artists ?	yes
The president and the senator called the judges .	Did the president call the judges ?	yes
The artist and the doctor recommended the secretaries .	Did the artist recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The professor and the doctor introduced the athlete .	Did the professor introduce the athlete ?	yes
The president recommended the professors and the authors .	Did the president recommend the authors ?	yes
The secretaries and the artists recommended the senator .	Did the secretaries recommend the senator ?	yes
The banker and the presidents believed the professors .	Did the banker believe the professors ?	yes
The banker and the scientists introduced the student .	Did the banker introduce the student ?	yes
The president and the lawyer introduced the actors .	Did the president introduce the actors ?	yes
The authors called the lawyers and the senator .	Did the authors call the senator ?	yes
The artists and the judges recognized the presidents .	Did the artists recognize the presidents ?	yes
The scientist and the lawyers helped the athletes .	Did the scientist help the athletes ?	yes
The managers helped the artists and the student .	Did the managers help the student ?	yes
The athletes and the secretaries contacted the professor .	Did the athletes contact the professor ?	yes
The students admired the lawyers and the athlete .	Did the students admire the athlete ?	yes
The senators and the bankers contacted the managers .	Did the senators contact the managers ?	yes
The judge and the doctor admired the scientists .	Did the judge admire the scientists ?	yes
The professors stopped the president and the secretaries .	Did the professors stop the secretaries ?	yes
The actor advised the students and the artists .	Did the actor advise the artists ?	yes
The judge helped the athletes and the actors .	Did the judge help the actors ?	yes
The athlete and the managers admired the authors .	Did the athlete admire the authors ?	yes
The tourist and the students avoided the senator .	Did the tourist avoid the senator ?	yes
The banker and the presidents supported the lawyer .	Did the banker support the lawyer ?	yes
The president recognized the secretaries and the tourist .	Did the president recognize the tourist ?	yes
The students recommended the judge and the actors .	Did the students recommend the actors ?	yes
The athletes contacted the professor and the secretaries .	Did the athletes contact the secretaries ?	yes
The managers and the author introduced the bankers .	Did the managers introduce the bankers ?	yes
The president recognized the students and the athletes .	Did the president recognize the athletes ?	yes
The doctor and the students admired the manager .	Did the doctor admire the manager ?	yes
The secretaries and the lawyer mentioned the judge .	Did the secretaries mention the judge ?	yes
The scientist and the presidents supported the doctors .	Did the scientist support the doctors ?	yes
The president and the authors recognized the professors .	Did the president recognize the professors ?	yes
The lawyers and the actor contacted the athlete .	Did the lawyers contact the athlete ?	yes
The authors thanked the tourists and the doctors .	Did the authors thank the doctors ?	yes
The managers and the athlete stopped the secretaries .	Did the managers stop the secretaries ?	yes
The author and the scientist introduced the lawyers .	Did the author introduce the lawyers ?	yes
The secretaries believed the presidents and the senator .	Did the secretaries believe the senator ?	yes
The scientists and the lawyer mentioned the senator .	Did the scientists mention the senator ?	yes
The author supported the secretaries and the artist .	Did the author support the artist ?	yes
The president and the athletes contacted the actors .	Did the president contact the actors ?	yes
The artist and the author contacted the tourist .	Did the artist contact the tourist ?	yes
The tourists encouraged the authors and the manager .	Did the tourists encourage the manager ?	yes
The managers and the professors introduced the scientist .	Did the managers introduce the scientist ?	yes
The tourists and the senator supported the scientist .	Did the tourists support the scientist ?	yes
The managers and the doctor mentioned the students .	Did the managers mention the students ?	yes
The president and the athletes encouraged the scientist .	Did the president encourage the scientist ?	yes
The students supported the presidents and the senator .	Did the students support the senator ?	yes
The student advised the author and the doctors .	Did the student advise the doctors ?	yes
The senator and the tourist saw the athletes .	Did the senator see the athletes ?	yes
The actors and the secretaries stopped the professor .	Did the actors stop the professor ?	yes
The manager and the students avoided the doctors .	Did the manager avoid the doctors ?	yes
The doctor and the judges believed the secretary .	Did the doctor believe the secretary ?	yes
The scientist and the professors believed the artist .	Did the scientist believe the artist ?	yes
The actor and the doctor contacted the secretaries .	Did the actor contact the secretaries ?	yes
The presidents and the senators called the scientist .	Did the presidents call the scientist ?	yes
The doctor and the scientist introduced the lawyer .	Did the doctor introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The author called the manager and the artist .	Did the author call the artist ?	yes
The senators helped the artist and the managers .	Did the senators help the managers ?	yes
The tourist stopped the author and the judge .	Did the tourist stop the judge ?	yes
The president and the doctor recommended the managers .	Did the president recommend the managers ?	yes
The actor called the professors and the senator .	Did the actor call the senator ?	yes
The students and the secretaries mentioned the authors .	Did the students mention the authors ?	yes
The bankers and the artists helped the athletes .	Did the bankers help the athletes ?	yes
The tourists advised the judges and the author .	Did the tourists advise the author ?	yes
The professor and the senators saw the scientists .	Did the professor see the scientists ?	yes
The actor mentioned the professor and the bankers .	Did the actor mention the bankers ?	yes
The author and the senator contacted the secretary .	Did the author contact the secretary ?	yes
The lawyers introduced the senator and the artists .	Did the lawyers introduce the artists ?	yes
The athletes introduced the banker and the judge .	Did the athletes introduce the judge ?	yes
The bankers helped the doctors and the senators .	Did the bankers help the senators ?	yes
The artists called the athletes and the manager .	Did the artists call the manager ?	yes
The secretaries called the scientists and the tourists .	Did the secretaries call the tourists ?	yes
The scientist saw the managers and the authors .	Did the scientist see the authors ?	yes
The doctor saw the actor and the banker .	Did the doctor see the banker ?	yes
The banker and the athlete recommended the tourists .	Did the banker recommend the tourists ?	yes
The actors and the scientists stopped the author .	Did the actors stop the author ?	yes
The manager believed the banker and the athlete .	Did the manager believe the athlete ?	yes
The banker stopped the scientists and the presidents .	Did the banker stop the presidents ?	yes
The students stopped the lawyers and the scientists .	Did the students stop the scientists ?	yes
The doctor stopped the student and the manager .	Did the doctor stop the manager ?	yes
The professor and the authors thanked the student .	Did the professor thank the student ?	yes
The secretary and the presidents advised the manager .	Did the secretary advise the manager ?	yes
The professor admired the artists and the manager .	Did the professor admire the manager ?	yes
The artist and the athlete thanked the doctors .	Did the artist thank the doctors ?	yes
The artists and the actor believed the students .	Did the artists believe the students ?	yes
The senators saw the athletes and the managers .	Did the senators see the managers ?	yes
The author and the doctor admired the professor .	Did the author admire the professor ?	yes
The tourists avoided the doctor and the students .	Did the tourists avoid the students ?	yes
The secretary and the athlete advised the scientists .	Did the secretary advise the scientists ?	yes
The artist and the manager called the scientist .	Did the artist call the scientist ?	yes
The banker avoided the artist and the manager .	Did the banker avoid the manager ?	yes
The athlete mentioned the professor and the banker .	Did the athlete mention the banker ?	yes
The artist called the scientist and the manager .	Did the artist call the manager ?	yes
The judge admired the senator and the artist .	Did the judge admire the artist ?	yes
The athlete believed the scientists and the doctor .	Did the athlete believe the doctor ?	yes
The senators encouraged the judge and the doctors .	Did the senators encourage the doctors ?	yes
The presidents admired the scientists and the tourists .	Did the presidents admire the tourists ?	yes
The professors and the managers supported the bankers .	Did the professors support the bankers ?	yes
The artist thanked the secretaries and the actor .	Did the artist thank the actor ?	yes
The athletes and the professors saw the presidents .	Did the athletes see the presidents ?	yes
The secretaries and the scientist encouraged the manager .	Did the secretaries encourage the manager ?	yes
The tourists and the managers helped the author .	Did the tourists help the author ?	yes
The senator called the scientist and the tourist .	Did the senator call the tourist ?	yes
The professor and the judges admired the manager .	Did the professor admire the manager ?	yes
The presidents introduced the artists and the author .	Did the presidents introduce the author ?	yes
The lawyers recognized the president and the doctors .	Did the lawyers recognize the doctors ?	yes
The author stopped the lawyer and the scientists .	Did the author stop the scientists ?	yes
The president supported the actor and the banker .	Did the president support the banker ?	yes
The doctors and the managers helped the judge .	Did the doctors help the judge ?	yes
The professors stopped the scientists and the judge .	Did the professors stop the judge ?	yes
The actor and the student encouraged the president .	Did the actor encourage the president ?	yes
The secretaries called the doctors and the manager .	Did the secretaries call the manager ?	yes
The judge and the doctor stopped the president .	Did the judge stop the president ?	yes
The tourists introduced the actors and the athlete .	Did the tourists introduce the athlete ?	yes
The actors avoided the tourists and the president .	Did the actors avoid the president ?	yes
The actors encouraged the artists and the senators .	Did the actors encourage the senators ?	yes
The bankers and the tourists mentioned the president .	Did the bankers mention the president ?	yes
The artist and the athletes recognized the students .	Did the artist recognize the students ?	yes
The artists and the bankers saw the scientists .	Did the artists see the scientists ?	yes
The senators and the actors admired the managers .	Did the senators admire the managers ?	yes
The student introduced the scientists and the judge .	Did the student introduce the judge ?	yes
The scientists contacted the professors and the president .	Did the scientists contact the president ?	yes
The author encouraged the senators and the scientist .	Did the author encourage the scientist ?	yes
The professor believed the lawyers and the author .	Did the professor believe the author ?	yes
The professor and the secretary contacted the managers .	Did the professor contact the managers ?	yes
The student and the authors recommended the actor .	Did the student recommend the actor ?	yes
The judge supported the actor and the students .	Did the judge support the students ?	yes
The senators supported the authors and the students .	Did the senators support the students ?	yes
The secretary and the senator encouraged the author .	Did the secretary encourage the author ?	yes
The secretary recommended the athletes and the bankers .	Did the secretary recommend the bankers ?	yes
The bankers stopped the secretaries and the lawyers .	Did the bankers stop the lawyers ?	yes
The tourist encouraged the scientists and the students .	Did the tourist encourage the students ?	yes
The judges and the senators thanked the doctor .	Did the judges thank the doctor ?	yes
The actors and the banker believed the presidents .	Did the actors believe the presidents ?	yes
The scientists and the senator encouraged the presidents .	Did the scientists encourage the presidents ?	yes
The professor avoided the judge and the actors .	Did the professor avoid the actors ?	yes
The presidents mentioned the author and the students .	Did the presidents mention the students ?	yes
The president supported the artist and the judges .	Did the president support the judges ?	yes
The judges and the actor supported the tourist .	Did the judges support the tourist ?	yes
The judges believed the actors and the tourists .	Did the judges believe the tourists ?	yes
The athletes mentioned the bankers and the secretary .	Did the athletes mention the secretary ?	yes
The actor and the senators helped the scientist .	Did the actor help the scientist ?	yes
The scientist called the doctors and the students .	Did the scientist call the students ?	yes
The tourists and the president mentioned the professors .	Did the tourists mention the professors ?	yes
The senators supported the professors and the bankers .	Did the senators support the bankers ?	yes
The artist recognized the senator and the bankers .	Did the artist recognize the bankers ?	yes
The author contacted the artists and the doctors .	Did the author contact the doctors ?	yes
The managers admired the lawyers and the athletes .	Did the managers admire the athletes ?	yes
The scientist contacted the managers and the athlete .	Did the scientist contact the athlete ?	yes
The senator and the student contacted the professors .	Did the senator contact the professors ?	yes
The artists and the senators recognized the bankers .	Did the artists recognize the bankers ?	yes
The athletes introduced the secretaries and the scientist .	Did the athletes introduce the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer saw the tourist and the bankers .	Did the lawyer see the bankers ?	yes
The banker and the student avoided the doctors .	Did the banker avoid the doctors ?	yes
The professors advised the president and the actors .	Did the professors advise the actors ?	yes
The students and the judge supported the banker .	Did the students support the banker ?	yes
The lawyer and the tourist mentioned the bankers .	Did the lawyer mention the bankers ?	yes
The presidents and the secretaries contacted the managers .	Did the presidents contact the managers ?	yes
The actors and the secretary saw the managers .	Did the actors see the managers ?	yes
The doctor encouraged the judges and the actors .	Did the doctor encourage the actors ?	yes
The doctors and the student introduced the senators .	Did the doctors introduce the senators ?	yes
The scientists recognized the tourist and the senators .	Did the scientists recognize the senators ?	yes
The authors and the lawyers mentioned the presidents .	Did the authors mention the presidents ?	yes
The athletes advised the authors and the professors .	Did the athletes advise the professors ?	yes
The actors and the lawyers admired the author .	Did the actors admire the author ?	yes
The lawyers saw the tourist and the managers .	Did the lawyers see the managers ?	yes
The artists and the manager contacted the actor .	Did the artists contact the actor ?	yes
The secretaries and the senator contacted the athletes .	Did the secretaries contact the athletes ?	yes
The professor and the presidents called the scientist .	Did the professor call the scientist ?	yes
The secretaries contacted the lawyers and the authors .	Did the secretaries contact the authors ?	yes
The professors thanked the managers and the doctors .	Did the professors thank the doctors ?	yes
The banker and the president recognized the doctors .	Did the banker recognize the doctors ?	yes
The lawyer called the secretaries and the presidents .	Did the lawyer call the presidents ?	yes
The artist recommended the athletes and the student .	Did the artist recommend the student ?	yes
The tourists called the artists and the senator .	Did the tourists call the senator ?	yes
The secretary advised the judges and the bankers .	Did the secretary advise the bankers ?	yes
The lawyers and the senator helped the judge .	Did the lawyers help the judge ?	yes
The students and the secretaries encouraged the professor .	Did the students encourage the professor ?	yes
The athletes recognized the scientists and the actors .	Did the athletes recognize the actors ?	yes
The student recommended the secretary and the judges .	Did the student recommend the judges ?	yes
The authors and the secretaries believed the scientists .	Did the authors believe the scientists ?	yes
The president introduced the managers and the author .	Did the president introduce the author ?	yes
The lawyers and the bankers helped the student .	Did the lawyers help the student ?	yes
The senators and the scientists contacted the student .	Did the senators contact the student ?	yes
The bankers called the authors and the senator .	Did the bankers call the senator ?	yes
The lawyers and the tourists avoided the senator .	Did the lawyers avoid the senator ?	yes
The students saw the authors and the managers .	Did the students see the managers ?	yes
The judge encouraged the scientist and the secretaries .	Did the judge encourage the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyers and the senators recognized the authors .	Did the lawyers recognize the authors ?	yes
The doctors introduced the tourist and the student .	Did the doctors introduce the student ?	yes
The scientists saw the students and the tourists .	Did the scientists see the tourists ?	yes
The presidents advised the lawyers and the author .	Did the presidents advise the author ?	yes
The professors and the lawyers stopped the secretary .	Did the professors stop the secretary ?	yes
The tourists believed the lawyer and the actor .	Did the tourists believe the actor ?	yes
The lawyer and the student supported the actors .	Did the lawyer support the actors ?	yes
The manager recommended the artist and the athletes .	Did the manager recommend the athletes ?	yes
The president and the professor saw the authors .	Did the president see the authors ?	yes
The authors and the secretary introduced the student .	Did the authors introduce the student ?	yes
The artists admired the managers and the president .	Did the artists admire the president ?	yes
The scientists avoided the athlete and the judges .	Did the scientists avoid the judges ?	yes
The professor and the lawyer contacted the presidents .	Did the professor contact the presidents ?	yes
The artist advised the managers and the bankers .	Did the artist advise the bankers ?	yes
The banker and the presidents stopped the scientists .	Did the banker stop the scientists ?	yes
The actors and the banker helped the managers .	Did the actors help the managers ?	yes
The doctor and the author encouraged the president .	Did the doctor encourage the president ?	yes
The tourist called the doctor and the bankers .	Did the tourist call the bankers ?	yes
The artists and the manager introduced the presidents .	Did the artists introduce the presidents ?	yes
The presidents introduced the bankers and the scientist .	Did the presidents introduce the scientist ?	yes
The president and the manager mentioned the judges .	Did the president mention the judges ?	yes
The tourists and the senators advised the students .	Did the tourists advise the students ?	yes
The professors stopped the tourist and the banker .	Did the professors stop the banker ?	yes
The secretaries supported the scientists and the doctor .	Did the secretaries support the doctor ?	yes
The senators contacted the tourists and the doctors .	Did the senators contact the doctors ?	yes
The professors mentioned the scientists and the bankers .	Did the professors mention the bankers ?	yes
The presidents recognized the tourists and the secretary .	Did the presidents recognize the secretary ?	yes
The secretary and the authors thanked the senators .	Did the secretary thank the senators ?	yes
The tourists believed the professor and the actors .	Did the tourists believe the actors ?	yes
The author thanked the students and the secretary .	Did the author thank the secretary ?	yes
The bankers saw the author and the lawyers .	Did the bankers see the lawyers ?	yes
The judges and the tourist stopped the doctor .	Did the judges stop the doctor ?	yes
The secretary supported the professor and the students .	Did the secretary support the students ?	yes
The artists and the professors encouraged the doctor .	Did the artists encourage the doctor ?	yes
The scientists and the lawyers recognized the professor .	Did the scientists recognize the professor ?	yes
The athlete recommended the managers and the professors .	Did the athlete recommend the professors ?	yes
The actor and the president contacted the author .	Did the actor contact the author ?	yes
The doctor recommended the lawyer and the actors .	Did the doctor recommend the actors ?	yes
The professor and the secretary recognized the artists .	Did the professor recognize the artists ?	yes
The judges admired the athletes and the secretaries .	Did the judges admire the secretaries ?	yes
The tourist and the banker avoided the manager .	Did the tourist avoid the manager ?	yes
The actor and the manager recognized the professors .	Did the actor recognize the professors ?	yes
The managers and the judge introduced the secretaries .	Did the managers introduce the secretaries ?	yes
The managers and the judge introduced the artist .	Did the managers introduce the artist ?	yes
The judges and the secretaries avoided the senators .	Did the judges avoid the senators ?	yes
The manager and the bankers recommended the secretaries .	Did the manager recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The professors and the athletes encouraged the tourists .	Did the professors encourage the tourists ?	yes
The student and the presidents recognized the manager .	Did the student recognize the manager ?	yes
The lawyers recognized the artist and the authors .	Did the lawyers recognize the authors ?	yes
The professors and the athletes stopped the students .	Did the professors stop the students ?	yes
The secretaries thanked the athletes and the senator .	Did the secretaries thank the senator ?	yes
The author recognized the student and the president .	Did the author recognize the president ?	yes
The managers and the actor introduced the athletes .	Did the managers introduce the athletes ?	yes
The judges recommended the professor and the actors .	Did the judges recommend the actors ?	yes
The athlete and the scientist encouraged the bankers .	Did the athlete encourage the bankers ?	yes
The athlete supported the professors and the secretary .	Did the athlete support the secretary ?	yes
The athletes and the secretaries recognized the student .	Did the athletes recognize the student ?	yes
The senator contacted the athletes and the doctors .	Did the senator contact the doctors ?	yes
The authors supported the banker and the tourist .	Did the authors support the tourist ?	yes
The actor and the artists called the athlete .	Did the actor call the athlete ?	yes
The scientists recognized the students and the athletes .	Did the scientists recognize the athletes ?	yes
The president and the secretary called the scientists .	Did the president call the scientists ?	yes
The athletes stopped the artist and the judge .	Did the athletes stop the judge ?	yes
The professor mentioned the senators and the banker .	Did the professor mention the banker ?	yes
The professors and the scientists called the judge .	Did the professors call the judge ?	yes
The professors and the secretaries avoided the bankers .	Did the professors avoid the bankers ?	yes
The manager and the banker believed the doctors .	Did the manager believe the doctors ?	yes
The students helped the tourists and the professors .	Did the students help the professors ?	yes
The lawyer avoided the actors and the presidents .	Did the lawyer avoid the presidents ?	yes
The student supported the authors and the doctors .	Did the student support the doctors ?	yes
The senators and the doctors saw the athlete .	Did the senators see the athlete ?	yes
The senator thanked the tourists and the bankers .	Did the senator thank the bankers ?	yes
The scientist and the bankers avoided the judge .	Did the scientist avoid the judge ?	yes
The senators and the banker encouraged the students .	Did the senators encourage the students ?	yes
The judge encouraged the senators and the bankers .	Did the judge encourage the bankers ?	yes
The doctors called the tourists and the secretary .	Did the doctors call the secretary ?	yes
The presidents and the authors avoided the professors .	Did the presidents avoid the professors ?	yes
The lawyer and the doctor called the secretaries .	Did the lawyer call the secretaries ?	yes
The bankers and the athlete called the artist .	Did the bankers call the artist ?	yes
The judges believed the president and the student .	Did the judges believe the student ?	yes
The athletes recognized the author and the secretary .	Did the athletes recognize the secretary ?	yes
The professor and the senator recommended the tourists .	Did the professor recommend the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer and the student recommended the athlete .	Did the lawyer recommend the athlete ?	yes
The professor saw the actor and the author .	Did the professor see the author ?	yes
The banker recognized the scientists and the athletes .	Did the banker recognize the athletes ?	yes
The tourists encouraged the senators and the banker .	Did the tourists encourage the banker ?	yes
The managers and the doctors recommended the president .	Did the managers recommend the president ?	yes
The banker and the scientist recognized the secretaries .	Did the banker recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyers introduced the athlete and the professor .	Did the lawyers introduce the professor ?	yes
The scientists believed the manager and the lawyer .	Did the scientists believe the lawyer ?	yes
The students and the secretaries helped the senator .	Did the students help the senator ?	yes
The artist and the lawyers believed the managers .	Did the artist believe the managers ?	yes
The lawyers contacted the tourists and the doctor .	Did the lawyers contact the doctor ?	yes
The student and the artist thanked the presidents .	Did the student thank the presidents ?	yes
The students advised the professors and the actor .	Did the students advise the actor ?	yes
The doctors mentioned the judges and the actors .	Did the doctors mention the actors ?	yes
The banker and the secretary introduced the senators .	Did the banker introduce the senators ?	yes
The senators helped the lawyer and the professor .	Did the senators help the professor ?	yes
The judge recognized the senators and the artists .	Did the judge recognize the artists ?	yes
The artists contacted the tourists and the judges .	Did the artists contact the judges ?	yes
The scientists recommended the author and the professors .	Did the scientists recommend the professors ?	yes
The tourists and the author avoided the scientist .	Did the tourists avoid the scientist ?	yes
The secretaries recommended the artists and the managers .	Did the secretaries recommend the managers ?	yes
The senator supported the student and the actors .	Did the senator support the actors ?	yes
The tourists and the actors recognized the professor .	Did the tourists recognize the professor ?	yes
The lawyer stopped the artist and the students .	Did the lawyer stop the students ?	yes
The president and the manager thanked the doctor .	Did the president thank the doctor ?	yes
The actor and the scientist called the bankers .	Did the actor call the bankers ?	yes
The bankers admired the manager and the scientists .	Did the bankers admire the scientists ?	yes
The artists and the banker believed the judge .	Did the artists believe the judge ?	yes
The tourists and the secretaries believed the students .	Did the tourists believe the students ?	yes
The student contacted the professor and the athlete .	Did the student contact the athlete ?	yes
The lawyers avoided the artist and the managers .	Did the lawyers avoid the managers ?	yes
The managers thanked the doctor and the judge .	Did the managers thank the judge ?	yes
The tourists and the athletes avoided the doctor .	Did the tourists avoid the doctor ?	yes
The managers stopped the author and the artists .	Did the managers stop the artists ?	yes
The student encouraged the tourist and the scientists .	Did the student encourage the scientists ?	yes
The bankers and the secretaries believed the artist .	Did the bankers believe the artist ?	yes
The lawyer introduced the bankers and the actor .	Did the lawyer introduce the actor ?	yes
The senator and the tourist avoided the authors .	Did the senator avoid the authors ?	yes
The student and the bankers recognized the author .	Did the student recognize the author ?	yes
The bankers and the professors avoided the secretaries .	Did the bankers avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The judges saw the artists and the bankers .	Did the judges see the bankers ?	yes
The secretary contacted the professor and the actor .	Did the secretary contact the actor ?	yes
The managers called the actors and the banker .	Did the managers call the banker ?	yes
The students supported the secretary and the actor .	Did the students support the actor ?	yes
The scientist and the president stopped the professors .	Did the scientist stop the professors ?	yes
The authors and the artist believed the bankers .	Did the authors believe the bankers ?	yes
The senator and the president called the actors .	Did the senator call the actors ?	yes
The athlete and the bankers introduced the lawyers .	Did the athlete introduce the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyer supported the scientist and the author .	Did the lawyer support the author ?	yes
The professor and the doctor believed the judge .	Did the professor believe the judge ?	yes
The lawyer and the presidents mentioned the judge .	Did the lawyer mention the judge ?	yes
The lawyer and the secretaries encouraged the tourists .	Did the lawyer encourage the tourists ?	yes
The actors avoided the athletes and the doctors .	Did the actors avoid the doctors ?	yes
The judges encouraged the actor and the presidents .	Did the judges encourage the presidents ?	yes
The tourists and the secretary saw the scientists .	Did the tourists see the scientists ?	yes
The judges and the professors called the artists .	Did the judges call the artists ?	yes
The banker saw the tourists and the students .	Did the banker see the students ?	yes
The student advised the secretaries and the lawyers .	Did the student advise the lawyers ?	yes
The tourist stopped the senators and the judge .	Did the tourist stop the judge ?	yes
The bankers helped the actors and the lawyer .	Did the bankers help the lawyer ?	yes
The authors and the students contacted the professor .	Did the authors contact the professor ?	yes
The authors believed the senator and the artist .	Did the authors believe the artist ?	yes
The tourists contacted the authors and the manager .	Did the tourists contact the manager ?	yes
The professors encouraged the secretary and the tourist .	Did the professors encourage the tourist ?	yes
The authors recommended the professor and the artist .	Did the authors recommend the artist ?	yes
The athletes recommended the doctors and the artist .	Did the athletes recommend the artist ?	yes
The secretary and the tourists advised the judges .	Did the secretary advise the judges ?	yes
The president and the scientists recommended the artist .	Did the president recommend the artist ?	yes
The lawyer and the president recommended the judges .	Did the lawyer recommend the judges ?	yes
The actors admired the secretary and the doctor .	Did the actors admire the doctor ?	yes
The banker and the doctor contacted the judges .	Did the banker contact the judges ?	yes
The student and the president contacted the artists .	Did the student contact the artists ?	yes
The secretaries avoided the students and the professors .	Did the secretaries avoid the professors ?	yes
The athletes mentioned the bankers and the president .	Did the athletes mention the president ?	yes
The athletes and the lawyer thanked the authors .	Did the athletes thank the authors ?	yes
The athletes encouraged the scientists and the author .	Did the athletes encourage the author ?	yes
The athlete recognized the senator and the professors .	Did the athlete recognize the professors ?	yes
The managers recognized the secretary and the lawyers .	Did the managers recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The senators saw the secretary and the professors .	Did the senators see the professors ?	yes
The athletes called the tourists and the doctors .	Did the athletes call the doctors ?	yes
The doctor contacted the bankers and the tourist .	Did the doctor contact the tourist ?	yes
The actor and the lawyers believed the judge .	Did the actor believe the judge ?	yes
The scientist supported the lawyers and the banker .	Did the scientist support the banker ?	yes
The judge believed the actors and the professors .	Did the judge believe the professors ?	yes
The judge and the author helped the tourists .	Did the judge help the tourists ?	yes
The doctor contacted the athletes and the senators .	Did the doctor contact the senators ?	yes
The secretary and the author thanked the actor .	Did the secretary thank the actor ?	yes
The senator called the doctors and the student .	Did the senator call the student ?	yes
The author recognized the tourist and the athletes .	Did the author recognize the athletes ?	yes
The senators and the artist saw the athlete .	Did the senators see the athlete ?	yes
The judges encouraged the scientist and the students .	Did the judges encourage the students ?	yes
The scientists encouraged the author and the doctors .	Did the scientists encourage the doctors ?	yes
The doctors and the student supported the judge .	Did the doctors support the judge ?	yes
The scientists avoided the lawyers and the tourist .	Did the scientists avoid the tourist ?	yes
The authors and the actor saw the senator .	Did the authors see the senator ?	yes
The authors introduced the judges and the students .	Did the authors introduce the students ?	yes
The senators called the actors and the authors .	Did the senators call the authors ?	yes
The scientist and the lawyers supported the secretaries .	Did the scientist support the secretaries ?	yes
The manager saw the professors and the banker .	Did the manager see the banker ?	yes
The bankers and the tourists recommended the lawyer .	Did the bankers recommend the lawyer ?	yes
The doctor and the judges saw the secretaries .	Did the doctor see the secretaries ?	yes
The professor believed the senators and the students .	Did the professor believe the students ?	yes
The bankers helped the athletes and the managers .	Did the bankers help the managers ?	yes
The senator and the author recognized the actor .	Did the senator recognize the actor ?	yes
The scientists saw the doctors and the actor .	Did the scientists see the actor ?	yes
The scientists believed the manager and the doctor .	Did the scientists believe the doctor ?	yes
The lawyer and the professors encouraged the scientists .	Did the lawyer encourage the scientists ?	yes
The lawyers helped the athletes and the authors .	Did the lawyers help the authors ?	yes
The judge called the scientists and the doctors .	Did the judge call the doctors ?	yes
The athletes and the lawyer stopped the professor .	Did the athletes stop the professor ?	yes
The presidents saw the student and the lawyers .	Did the presidents see the lawyers ?	yes
The doctor introduced the artist and the lawyers .	Did the doctor introduce the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyer and the students recommended the doctors .	Did the lawyer recommend the doctors ?	yes
The presidents thanked the author and the professor .	Did the presidents thank the professor ?	yes
The students and the authors thanked the athletes .	Did the students thank the athletes ?	yes
The actor encouraged the scientists and the senator .	Did the actor encourage the senator ?	yes
The scientist and the students avoided the artists .	Did the scientist avoid the artists ?	yes
The president and the manager helped the artist .	Did the president help the artist ?	yes
The students and the president supported the senators .	Did the students support the senators ?	yes
The actor saw the professors and the secretaries .	Did the actor see the secretaries ?	yes
The tourists and the professors helped the artists .	Did the tourists help the artists ?	yes
The president believed the tourist and the doctors .	Did the president believe the doctors ?	yes
The judges stopped the student and the secretaries .	Did the judges stop the secretaries ?	yes
The presidents recognized the tourists and the artist .	Did the presidents recognize the artist ?	yes
The athletes admired the senators and the banker .	Did the athletes admire the banker ?	yes
The secretary believed the manager and the lawyers .	Did the secretary believe the lawyers ?	yes
The authors and the judges helped the senators .	Did the authors help the senators ?	yes
The presidents stopped the athlete and the scientists .	Did the presidents stop the scientists ?	yes
The judge and the athletes admired the scientist .	Did the judge admire the scientist ?	yes
The judges and the tourists admired the student .	Did the judges admire the student ?	yes
The judge helped the authors and the bankers .	Did the judge help the bankers ?	yes
The student and the tourists encouraged the presidents .	Did the student encourage the presidents ?	yes
The artists supported the banker and the scientist .	Did the artists support the scientist ?	yes
The student stopped the athlete and the tourist .	Did the student stop the tourist ?	yes
The senators and the judges mentioned the artist .	Did the senators mention the artist ?	yes
The doctor and the authors mentioned the actors .	Did the doctor mention the actors ?	yes
The judges and the athlete advised the secretaries .	Did the judges advise the secretaries ?	yes
The students and the tourists advised the professors .	Did the students advise the professors ?	yes
The judges helped the lawyers and the secretary .	Did the judges help the secretary ?	yes
The banker thanked the judges and the doctor .	Did the banker thank the doctor ?	yes
The senator recommended the scientists and the student .	Did the senator recommend the student ?	yes
The lawyer and the manager called the artists .	Did the lawyer call the artists ?	yes
The lawyer supported the author and the athlete .	Did the lawyer support the athlete ?	yes
The students and the authors helped the senator .	Did the students help the senator ?	yes
The scientist and the managers believed the students .	Did the scientist believe the students ?	yes
The senators and the doctor avoided the lawyers .	Did the senators avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The scientists recognized the lawyer and the banker .	Did the scientists recognize the banker ?	yes
The author encouraged the athletes and the student .	Did the author encourage the student ?	yes
The scientist and the professor contacted the authors .	Did the scientist contact the authors ?	yes
The professors and the students advised the scientist .	Did the professors advise the scientist ?	yes
The senators and the professors advised the lawyers .	Did the senators advise the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyers helped the manager and the athlete .	Did the lawyers help the athlete ?	yes
The scientists and the lawyers introduced the judges .	Did the scientists introduce the judges ?	yes
The scientists called the judges and the secretary .	Did the scientists call the secretary ?	yes
The actors recognized the lawyer and the professor .	Did the actors recognize the professor ?	yes
The lawyers and the athlete saw the professors .	Did the lawyers see the professors ?	yes
The professors and the artist encouraged the athlete .	Did the professors encourage the athlete ?	yes
The doctors and the actors recommended the students .	Did the doctors recommend the students ?	yes
The actor and the bankers saw the professors .	Did the actor see the professors ?	yes
The tourists and the scientists encouraged the manager .	Did the tourists encourage the manager ?	yes
The students and the secretaries encouraged the doctors .	Did the students encourage the doctors ?	yes
The scientist and the actor advised the senators .	Did the scientist advise the senators ?	yes
The bankers and the actors stopped the student .	Did the bankers stop the student ?	yes
The professor saw the doctors and the tourist .	Did the professor see the tourist ?	yes
The students and the doctors introduced the scientists .	Did the students introduce the scientists ?	yes
The manager and the president contacted the senator .	Did the manager contact the senator ?	yes
The judges and the actors introduced the doctor .	Did the judges introduce the doctor ?	yes
The tourists admired the actor and the lawyers .	Did the tourists admire the lawyers ?	yes
The professors thanked the judges and the tourists .	Did the professors thank the tourists ?	yes
The president encouraged the tourist and the author .	Did the president encourage the author ?	yes
The student and the lawyers recommended the doctors .	Did the student recommend the doctors ?	yes
The manager thanked the president and the doctor .	Did the manager thank the doctor ?	yes
The managers stopped the secretary and the professor .	Did the managers stop the professor ?	yes
The doctors and the manager believed the students .	Did the doctors believe the students ?	yes
The senator and the students saw the tourist .	Did the senator see the tourist ?	yes
The lawyers mentioned the authors and the artist .	Did the lawyers mention the artist ?	yes
The secretary recognized the tourists and the scientist .	Did the secretary recognize the scientist ?	yes
The judge supported the student and the professor .	Did the judge support the professor ?	yes
The authors were supported by the tourist .	Did the tourist support the authors ?	yes
The tourists were contacted by the athlete .	Did the athlete contact the tourists ?	yes
The bankers were believed by the judges .	Did the judges believe the bankers ?	yes
The actor was encouraged by the president .	Did the president encourage the actor ?	yes
The authors were believed by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers believe the authors ?	yes
The artist was mentioned by the professor .	Did the professor mention the artist ?	yes
The doctors were advised by the senator .	Did the senator advise the doctors ?	yes
The lawyer was recommended by the presidents .	Did the presidents recommend the lawyer ?	yes
The student was advised by the authors .	Did the authors advise the student ?	yes
The tourists were believed by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries believe the tourists ?	yes
The bankers were recommended by the tourists .	Did the tourists recommend the bankers ?	yes
The professors were believed by the student .	Did the student believe the professors ?	yes
The managers were admired by the tourist .	Did the tourist admire the managers ?	yes
The bankers were contacted by the tourist .	Did the tourist contact the bankers ?	yes
The tourists were thanked by the professors .	Did the professors thank the tourists ?	yes
The senators were introduced by the president .	Did the president introduce the senators ?	yes
The judge was contacted by the scientist .	Did the scientist contact the judge ?	yes
The managers were stopped by the doctor .	Did the doctor stop the managers ?	yes
The presidents were advised by the senators .	Did the senators advise the presidents ?	yes
The senator was stopped by the author .	Did the author stop the senator ?	yes
The professor was contacted by the banker .	Did the banker contact the professor ?	yes
The presidents were thanked by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer thank the presidents ?	yes
The lawyers were supported by the students .	Did the students support the lawyers ?	yes
The author was recognized by the managers .	Did the managers recognize the author ?	yes
The managers were helped by the athletes .	Did the athletes help the managers ?	yes
The lawyers were stopped by the judges .	Did the judges stop the lawyers ?	yes
The artists were advised by the president .	Did the president advise the artists ?	yes
The lawyer was mentioned by the authors .	Did the authors mention the lawyer ?	yes
The scientists were believed by the doctor .	Did the doctor believe the scientists ?	yes
The lawyers were encouraged by the secretary .	Did the secretary encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The bankers were avoided by the senator .	Did the senator avoid the bankers ?	yes
The senators were believed by the actor .	Did the actor believe the senators ?	yes
The doctor was believed by the tourist .	Did the tourist believe the doctor ?	yes
The authors were helped by the students .	Did the students help the authors ?	yes
The lawyers were thanked by the artist .	Did the artist thank the lawyers ?	yes
The athletes were contacted by the judges .	Did the judges contact the athletes ?	yes
The student was recommended by the presidents .	Did the presidents recommend the student ?	yes
The artist was helped by the athlete .	Did the athlete help the artist ?	yes
The lawyer was stopped by the judge .	Did the judge stop the lawyer ?	yes
The professors were advised by the senators .	Did the senators advise the professors ?	yes
The professor was helped by the judges .	Did the judges help the professor ?	yes
The scientist was introduced by the artist .	Did the artist introduce the scientist ?	yes
The judge was mentioned by the scientist .	Did the scientist mention the judge ?	yes
The tourists were avoided by the senator .	Did the senator avoid the tourists ?	yes
The managers were supported by the senator .	Did the senator support the managers ?	yes
The senators were recognized by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recognize the senators ?	yes
The managers were helped by the professors .	Did the professors help the managers ?	yes
The scientist was supported by the authors .	Did the authors support the scientist ?	yes
The tourists were supported by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer support the tourists ?	yes
The scientists were advised by the artist .	Did the artist advise the scientists ?	yes
The senator was avoided by the secretary .	Did the secretary avoid the senator ?	yes
The lawyer was recognized by the tourists .	Did the tourists recognize the lawyer ?	yes
The athlete was advised by the professors .	Did the professors advise the athlete ?	yes
The lawyer was recommended by the tourists .	Did the tourists recommend the lawyer ?	yes
The scientist was mentioned by the athlete .	Did the athlete mention the scientist ?	yes
The students were avoided by the judges .	Did the judges avoid the students ?	yes
The lawyer was supported by the judges .	Did the judges support the lawyer ?	yes
The authors were encouraged by the scientist .	Did the scientist encourage the authors ?	yes
The judge was advised by the author .	Did the author advise the judge ?	yes
The scientists were supported by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries support the scientists ?	yes
The professors were supported by the student .	Did the student support the professors ?	yes
The athletes were introduced by the banker .	Did the banker introduce the athletes ?	yes
The professor was helped by the doctors .	Did the doctors help the professor ?	yes
The judges were recommended by the student .	Did the student recommend the judges ?	yes
The tourists were advised by the banker .	Did the banker advise the tourists ?	yes
The professor was advised by the artist .	Did the artist advise the professor ?	yes
The authors were introduced by the presidents .	Did the presidents introduce the authors ?	yes
The banker was advised by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries advise the banker ?	yes
The judge was advised by the banker .	Did the banker advise the judge ?	yes
The scientist was introduced by the managers .	Did the managers introduce the scientist ?	yes
The bankers were introduced by the senator .	Did the senator introduce the bankers ?	yes
The secretaries were contacted by the authors .	Did the authors contact the secretaries ?	yes
The student was admired by the doctors .	Did the doctors admire the student ?	yes
The bankers were stopped by the actor .	Did the actor stop the bankers ?	yes
The scientist was encouraged by the doctor .	Did the doctor encourage the scientist ?	yes
The banker was introduced by the senators .	Did the senators introduce the banker ?	yes
The lawyers were stopped by the authors .	Did the authors stop the lawyers ?	yes
The manager was introduced by the artists .	Did the artists introduce the manager ?	yes
The tourist was supported by the student .	Did the student support the tourist ?	yes
The bankers were introduced by the managers .	Did the managers introduce the bankers ?	yes
The doctors were encouraged by the scientist .	Did the scientist encourage the doctors ?	yes
The students were contacted by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer contact the students ?	yes
The scientists were mentioned by the professor .	Did the professor mention the scientists ?	yes
The lawyer was recommended by the judge .	Did the judge recommend the lawyer ?	yes
The manager was believed by the professors .	Did the professors believe the manager ?	yes
The senators were stopped by the professors .	Did the professors stop the senators ?	yes
The scientist was advised by the bankers .	Did the bankers advise the scientist ?	yes
The artist was thanked by the author .	Did the author thank the artist ?	yes
The senators were helped by the artist .	Did the artist help the senators ?	yes
The secretaries were avoided by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The actors were recognized by the doctor .	Did the doctor recognize the actors ?	yes
The professor was mentioned by the judges .	Did the judges mention the professor ?	yes
The lawyer was avoided by the bankers .	Did the bankers avoid the lawyer ?	yes
The authors were admired by the tourist .	Did the tourist admire the authors ?	yes
The scientist was recognized by the presidents .	Did the presidents recognize the scientist ?	yes
The president was introduced by the athlete .	Did the athlete introduce the president ?	yes
The doctors were helped by the tourists .	Did the tourists help the doctors ?	yes
The president was introduced by the manager .	Did the manager introduce the president ?	yes
The authors were recommended by the manager .	Did the manager recommend the authors ?	yes
The managers were recognized by the scientists .	Did the scientists recognize the managers ?	yes
The senator was stopped by the actor .	Did the actor stop the senator ?	yes
The banker was encouraged by the scientist .	Did the scientist encourage the banker ?	yes
The actor was introduced by the doctors .	Did the doctors introduce the actor ?	yes
The scientists were stopped by the doctors .	Did the doctors stop the scientists ?	yes
The judges were thanked by the secretary .	Did the secretary thank the judges ?	yes
The scientist was thanked by the athletes .	Did the athletes thank the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer was helped by the bankers .	Did the bankers help the lawyer ?	yes
The actor was avoided by the athlete .	Did the athlete avoid the actor ?	yes
The students were encouraged by the judges .	Did the judges encourage the students ?	yes
The banker was stopped by the scientist .	Did the scientist stop the banker ?	yes
The secretaries were mentioned by the senator .	Did the senator mention the secretaries ?	yes
The student was mentioned by the managers .	Did the managers mention the student ?	yes
The senator was supported by the presidents .	Did the presidents support the senator ?	yes
The artists were recommended by the senators .	Did the senators recommend the artists ?	yes
The professor was advised by the scientists .	Did the scientists advise the professor ?	yes
The scientists were encouraged by the actor .	Did the actor encourage the scientists ?	yes
The manager was stopped by the actors .	Did the actors stop the manager ?	yes
The president was advised by the tourists .	Did the tourists advise the president ?	yes
The actors were contacted by the tourists .	Did the tourists contact the actors ?	yes
The manager was recognized by the actor .	Did the actor recognize the manager ?	yes
The professor was recommended by the actor .	Did the actor recommend the professor ?	yes
The senators were mentioned by the manager .	Did the manager mention the senators ?	yes
The senators were recommended by the bankers .	Did the bankers recommend the senators ?	yes
The professors were helped by the manager .	Did the manager help the professors ?	yes
The professor was encouraged by the president .	Did the president encourage the professor ?	yes
The president was recommended by the scientist .	Did the scientist recommend the president ?	yes
The presidents were stopped by the secretary .	Did the secretary stop the presidents ?	yes
The professor was stopped by the author .	Did the author stop the professor ?	yes
The student was admired by the judges .	Did the judges admire the student ?	yes
The senator was thanked by the doctors .	Did the doctors thank the senator ?	yes
The doctors were recognized by the manager .	Did the manager recognize the doctors ?	yes
The managers were believed by the athlete .	Did the athlete believe the managers ?	yes
The professors were believed by the president .	Did the president believe the professors ?	yes
The professor was encouraged by the student .	Did the student encourage the professor ?	yes
The lawyers were admired by the president .	Did the president admire the lawyers ?	yes
The students were admired by the athletes .	Did the athletes admire the students ?	yes
The doctor was introduced by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries introduce the doctor ?	yes
The athletes were supported by the scientists .	Did the scientists support the athletes ?	yes
The lawyers were encouraged by the actors .	Did the actors encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The authors were encouraged by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries encourage the authors ?	yes
The banker was introduced by the judges .	Did the judges introduce the banker ?	yes
The tourist was helped by the secretary .	Did the secretary help the tourist ?	yes
The secretaries were recognized by the manager .	Did the manager recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The banker was encouraged by the tourist .	Did the tourist encourage the banker ?	yes
The doctors were contacted by the authors .	Did the authors contact the doctors ?	yes
The athlete was thanked by the artists .	Did the artists thank the athlete ?	yes
The secretaries were avoided by the banker .	Did the banker avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The artists were recommended by the tourists .	Did the tourists recommend the artists ?	yes
The athlete was stopped by the artist .	Did the artist stop the athlete ?	yes
The scientists were recommended by the judge .	Did the judge recommend the scientists ?	yes
The secretary was thanked by the author .	Did the author thank the secretary ?	yes
The artists were believed by the doctor .	Did the doctor believe the artists ?	yes
The senators were contacted by the bankers .	Did the bankers contact the senators ?	yes
The author was mentioned by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers mention the author ?	yes
The tourist was recognized by the students .	Did the students recognize the tourist ?	yes
The athletes were advised by the doctor .	Did the doctor advise the athletes ?	yes
The lawyer was thanked by the athletes .	Did the athletes thank the lawyer ?	yes
The judge was supported by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers support the judge ?	yes
The presidents were helped by the scientist .	Did the scientist help the presidents ?	yes
The judges were encouraged by the doctor .	Did the doctor encourage the judges ?	yes
The lawyers were encouraged by the doctor .	Did the doctor encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The actor was contacted by the senator .	Did the senator contact the actor ?	yes
The tourist was contacted by the secretary .	Did the secretary contact the tourist ?	yes
The artists were helped by the judges .	Did the judges help the artists ?	yes
The tourists were thanked by the professor .	Did the professor thank the tourists ?	yes
The president was thanked by the manager .	Did the manager thank the president ?	yes
The doctors were avoided by the banker .	Did the banker avoid the doctors ?	yes
The managers were admired by the artist .	Did the artist admire the managers ?	yes
The senator was recognized by the judge .	Did the judge recognize the senator ?	yes
The student was avoided by the doctor .	Did the doctor avoid the student ?	yes
The scientist was thanked by the artists .	Did the artists thank the scientist ?	yes
The doctor was mentioned by the senator .	Did the senator mention the doctor ?	yes
The banker was believed by the doctors .	Did the doctors believe the banker ?	yes
The scientist was contacted by the managers .	Did the managers contact the scientist ?	yes
The senator was advised by the actor .	Did the actor advise the senator ?	yes
The artists were advised by the professor .	Did the professor advise the artists ?	yes
The athlete was thanked by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer thank the athlete ?	yes
The secretaries were avoided by the judges .	Did the judges avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The managers were stopped by the students .	Did the students stop the managers ?	yes
The author was supported by the bankers .	Did the bankers support the author ?	yes
The artists were mentioned by the doctors .	Did the doctors mention the artists ?	yes
The doctors were introduced by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries introduce the doctors ?	yes
The athletes were stopped by the actors .	Did the actors stop the athletes ?	yes
The manager was helped by the author .	Did the author help the manager ?	yes
The doctor was stopped by the managers .	Did the managers stop the doctor ?	yes
The actor was stopped by the doctors .	Did the doctors stop the actor ?	yes
The actor was contacted by the professors .	Did the professors contact the actor ?	yes
The managers were admired by the president .	Did the president admire the managers ?	yes
The lawyer was recognized by the manager .	Did the manager recognize the lawyer ?	yes
The author was believed by the scientist .	Did the scientist believe the author ?	yes
The student was recommended by the artist .	Did the artist recommend the student ?	yes
The students were encouraged by the professors .	Did the professors encourage the students ?	yes
The actor was advised by the doctors .	Did the doctors advise the actor ?	yes
The students were recognized by the president .	Did the president recognize the students ?	yes
The bankers were mentioned by the judges .	Did the judges mention the bankers ?	yes
The actor was helped by the tourist .	Did the tourist help the actor ?	yes
The actors were stopped by the managers .	Did the managers stop the actors ?	yes
The tourist was mentioned by the athletes .	Did the athletes mention the tourist ?	yes
The banker was supported by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer support the banker ?	yes
The athlete was believed by the tourist .	Did the tourist believe the athlete ?	yes
The artists were mentioned by the senators .	Did the senators mention the artists ?	yes
The actors were admired by the judges .	Did the judges admire the actors ?	yes
The banker was recognized by the authors .	Did the authors recognize the banker ?	yes
The athletes were supported by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer support the athletes ?	yes
The tourists were recommended by the scientists .	Did the scientists recommend the tourists ?	yes
The athlete was admired by the professor .	Did the professor admire the athlete ?	yes
The secretaries were recommended by the actors .	Did the actors recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The professors were introduced by the bankers .	Did the bankers introduce the professors ?	yes
The scientists were contacted by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers contact the scientists ?	yes
The professor was introduced by the actors .	Did the actors introduce the professor ?	yes
The manager was helped by the secretary .	Did the secretary help the manager ?	yes
The actors were stopped by the manager .	Did the manager stop the actors ?	yes
The athletes were supported by the judge .	Did the judge support the athletes ?	yes
The president was supported by the actor .	Did the actor support the president ?	yes
The tourist was helped by the senators .	Did the senators help the tourist ?	yes
The student was recommended by the tourists .	Did the tourists recommend the student ?	yes
The secretaries were helped by the banker .	Did the banker help the secretaries ?	yes
The athlete was supported by the tourist .	Did the tourist support the athlete ?	yes
The doctors were introduced by the athletes .	Did the athletes introduce the doctors ?	yes
The tourist was believed by the author .	Did the author believe the tourist ?	yes
The manager was stopped by the authors .	Did the authors stop the manager ?	yes
The authors were admired by the senator .	Did the senator admire the authors ?	yes
The artists were avoided by the secretary .	Did the secretary avoid the artists ?	yes
The scientist was recognized by the authors .	Did the authors recognize the scientist ?	yes
The judge was stopped by the actor .	Did the actor stop the judge ?	yes
The senator was believed by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries believe the senator ?	yes
The athletes were avoided by the doctors .	Did the doctors avoid the athletes ?	yes
The tourists were recognized by the secretary .	Did the secretary recognize the tourists ?	yes
The professors were advised by the doctors .	Did the doctors advise the professors ?	yes
The artist was believed by the manager .	Did the manager believe the artist ?	yes
The managers were recognized by the senator .	Did the senator recognize the managers ?	yes
The professors were supported by the actors .	Did the actors support the professors ?	yes
The scientists were recognized by the senators .	Did the senators recognize the scientists ?	yes
The senator was avoided by the managers .	Did the managers avoid the senator ?	yes
The tourist was mentioned by the judge .	Did the judge mention the tourist ?	yes
The secretaries were thanked by the doctors .	Did the doctors thank the secretaries ?	yes
The manager was stopped by the senators .	Did the senators stop the manager ?	yes
The professor was supported by the actor .	Did the actor support the professor ?	yes
The athlete was encouraged by the authors .	Did the authors encourage the athlete ?	yes
The authors were helped by the tourist .	Did the tourist help the authors ?	yes
The artist was helped by the presidents .	Did the presidents help the artist ?	yes
The students were encouraged by the authors .	Did the authors encourage the students ?	yes
The professor was recognized by the actor .	Did the actor recognize the professor ?	yes
The tourist was introduced by the doctor .	Did the doctor introduce the tourist ?	yes
The doctors were avoided by the professor .	Did the professor avoid the doctors ?	yes
The presidents were admired by the author .	Did the author admire the presidents ?	yes
The professors were thanked by the bankers .	Did the bankers thank the professors ?	yes
The students were helped by the judges .	Did the judges help the students ?	yes
The student was thanked by the athlete .	Did the athlete thank the student ?	yes
The senator was supported by the judge .	Did the judge support the senator ?	yes
The tourist was contacted by the banker .	Did the banker contact the tourist ?	yes
The professor was contacted by the student .	Did the student contact the professor ?	yes
The doctor was thanked by the artist .	Did the artist thank the doctor ?	yes
The senator was helped by the students .	Did the students help the senator ?	yes
The banker was believed by the secretary .	Did the secretary believe the banker ?	yes
The banker was avoided by the judge .	Did the judge avoid the banker ?	yes
The scientist was recognized by the professor .	Did the professor recognize the scientist ?	yes
The doctor was thanked by the actors .	Did the actors thank the doctor ?	yes
The artists were stopped by the actors .	Did the actors stop the artists ?	yes
The lawyer was stopped by the bankers .	Did the bankers stop the lawyer ?	yes
The tourists were mentioned by the judges .	Did the judges mention the tourists ?	yes
The doctors were stopped by the manager .	Did the manager stop the doctors ?	yes
The actor was contacted by the manager .	Did the manager contact the actor ?	yes
The judge was believed by the tourist .	Did the tourist believe the judge ?	yes
The student was supported by the professor .	Did the professor support the student ?	yes
The actor was believed by the author .	Did the author believe the actor ?	yes
The scientist was believed by the professor .	Did the professor believe the scientist ?	yes
The professor was recommended by the secretary .	Did the secretary recommend the professor ?	yes
The banker was encouraged by the athlete .	Did the athlete encourage the banker ?	yes
The scientists were mentioned by the presidents .	Did the presidents mention the scientists ?	yes
The actor was advised by the senators .	Did the senators advise the actor ?	yes
The bankers were admired by the secretary .	Did the secretary admire the bankers ?	yes
The judges were admired by the tourists .	Did the tourists admire the judges ?	yes
The actor was introduced by the author .	Did the author introduce the actor ?	yes
The author was helped by the students .	Did the students help the author ?	yes
The judge was admired by the secretary .	Did the secretary admire the judge ?	yes
The scientists were encouraged by the athlete .	Did the athlete encourage the scientists ?	yes
The athlete was encouraged by the students .	Did the students encourage the athlete ?	yes
The professor was admired by the artists .	Did the artists admire the professor ?	yes
The lawyer was admired by the banker .	Did the banker admire the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyers were stopped by the manager .	Did the manager stop the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyers were avoided by the athletes .	Did the athletes avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The scientist was contacted by the tourists .	Did the tourists contact the scientist ?	yes
The doctors were helped by the student .	Did the student help the doctors ?	yes
The artist was mentioned by the managers .	Did the managers mention the artist ?	yes
The professor was thanked by the managers .	Did the managers thank the professor ?	yes
The managers were avoided by the athlete .	Did the athlete avoid the managers ?	yes
The secretaries were helped by the tourists .	Did the tourists help the secretaries ?	yes
The professor was introduced by the judge .	Did the judge introduce the professor ?	yes
The author was believed by the secretary .	Did the secretary believe the author ?	yes
The secretaries were recognized by the artist .	Did the artist recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The artist was recommended by the presidents .	Did the presidents recommend the artist ?	yes
The secretaries were encouraged by the manager .	Did the manager encourage the secretaries ?	yes
The professors were supported by the doctor .	Did the doctor support the professors ?	yes
The bankers were helped by the president .	Did the president help the bankers ?	yes
The presidents were admired by the doctors .	Did the doctors admire the presidents ?	yes
The senators were thanked by the authors .	Did the authors thank the senators ?	yes
The scientists were helped by the actors .	Did the actors help the scientists ?	yes
The secretary was recommended by the banker .	Did the banker recommend the secretary ?	yes
The author was avoided by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers avoid the author ?	yes
The student was recognized by the scientist .	Did the scientist recognize the student ?	yes
The tourists were encouraged by the judge .	Did the judge encourage the tourists ?	yes
The senator was introduced by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers introduce the senator ?	yes
The senator was believed by the professors .	Did the professors believe the senator ?	yes
The banker was helped by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer help the banker ?	yes
The author was admired by the judges .	Did the judges admire the author ?	yes
The authors were contacted by the doctors .	Did the doctors contact the authors ?	yes
The banker was recognized by the artists .	Did the artists recognize the banker ?	yes
The artist was avoided by the doctor .	Did the doctor avoid the artist ?	yes
The athletes were believed by the manager .	Did the manager believe the athletes ?	yes
The authors were introduced by the scientist .	Did the scientist introduce the authors ?	yes
The actors were advised by the doctor .	Did the doctor advise the actors ?	yes
The lawyers were admired by the senators .	Did the senators admire the lawyers ?	yes
The bankers were advised by the actor .	Did the actor advise the bankers ?	yes
The presidents were stopped by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries stop the presidents ?	yes
The actor was helped by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers help the actor ?	yes
The professor was stopped by the actor .	Did the actor stop the professor ?	yes
The professors were helped by the managers .	Did the managers help the professors ?	yes
The tourist was helped by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers help the tourist ?	yes
The bankers were advised by the doctor .	Did the doctor advise the bankers ?	yes
The bankers were recommended by the professor .	Did the professor recommend the bankers ?	yes
The tourists were recognized by the bankers .	Did the bankers recognize the tourists ?	yes
The judges were advised by the president .	Did the president advise the judges ?	yes
The manager was mentioned by the tourists .	Did the tourists mention the manager ?	yes
The senators were recommended by the judge .	Did the judge recommend the senators ?	yes
The lawyer was contacted by the senator .	Did the senator contact the lawyer ?	yes
The secretaries were supported by the athlete .	Did the athlete support the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyer was advised by the judges .	Did the judges advise the lawyer ?	yes
The scientists were recommended by the secretary .	Did the secretary recommend the scientists ?	yes
The banker was introduced by the author .	Did the author introduce the banker ?	yes
The scientist was stopped by the actors .	Did the actors stop the scientist ?	yes
The doctors were mentioned by the judges .	Did the judges mention the doctors ?	yes
The banker was admired by the judge .	Did the judge admire the banker ?	yes
The artists were mentioned by the actors .	Did the actors mention the artists ?	yes
The manager was helped by the bankers .	Did the bankers help the manager ?	yes
The secretary was mentioned by the tourist .	Did the tourist mention the secretary ?	yes
The manager was mentioned by the secretary .	Did the secretary mention the manager ?	yes
The lawyer was believed by the manager .	Did the manager believe the lawyer ?	yes
The bankers were introduced by the actor .	Did the actor introduce the bankers ?	yes
The secretaries were contacted by the student .	Did the student contact the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyer was encouraged by the banker .	Did the banker encourage the lawyer ?	yes
The professors were mentioned by the senators .	Did the senators mention the professors ?	yes
The artist was avoided by the judge .	Did the judge avoid the artist ?	yes
The lawyer was believed by the scientists .	Did the scientists believe the lawyer ?	yes
The tourist was stopped by the bankers .	Did the bankers stop the tourist ?	yes
The bankers were introduced by the judge .	Did the judge introduce the bankers ?	yes
The students were recommended by the doctor .	Did the doctor recommend the students ?	yes
The banker was avoided by the authors .	Did the authors avoid the banker ?	yes
The lawyers were encouraged by the senators .	Did the senators encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The banker was contacted by the judge .	Did the judge contact the banker ?	yes
The student was contacted by the scientists .	Did the scientists contact the student ?	yes
The tourists were believed by the artists .	Did the artists believe the tourists ?	yes
The judges were advised by the tourists .	Did the tourists advise the judges ?	yes
The presidents were thanked by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries thank the presidents ?	yes
The presidents were believed by the manager .	Did the manager believe the presidents ?	yes
The managers were admired by the banker .	Did the banker admire the managers ?	yes
The lawyer was introduced by the senator .	Did the senator introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The artist was recommended by the secretary .	Did the secretary recommend the artist ?	yes
The artist was admired by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries admire the artist ?	yes
The lawyers were believed by the managers .	Did the managers believe the lawyers ?	yes
The athletes were recognized by the tourist .	Did the tourist recognize the athletes ?	yes
The president was supported by the tourists .	Did the tourists support the president ?	yes
The doctor was stopped by the scientists .	Did the scientists stop the doctor ?	yes
The banker was recommended by the students .	Did the students recommend the banker ?	yes
The president was supported by the managers .	Did the managers support the president ?	yes
The secretaries were mentioned by the banker .	Did the banker mention the secretaries ?	yes
The professors were contacted by the artist .	Did the artist contact the professors ?	yes
The managers were admired by the judge .	Did the judge admire the managers ?	yes
The artists were stopped by the judge .	Did the judge stop the artists ?	yes
The secretaries were avoided by the tourists .	Did the tourists avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyer was advised by the actors .	Did the actors advise the lawyer ?	yes
The senator was introduced by the secretary .	Did the secretary introduce the senator ?	yes
The scientists were mentioned by the managers .	Did the managers mention the scientists ?	yes
The judge was helped by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries help the judge ?	yes
The actors were encouraged by the judge .	Did the judge encourage the actors ?	yes
The secretaries were thanked by the manager .	Did the manager thank the secretaries ?	yes
The athletes were introduced by the presidents .	Did the presidents introduce the athletes ?	yes
The senators were encouraged by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer encourage the senators ?	yes
The athlete was recommended by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers recommend the athlete ?	yes
The judges were encouraged by the president .	Did the president encourage the judges ?	yes
The author was advised by the doctors .	Did the doctors advise the author ?	yes
The senator was stopped by the manager .	Did the manager stop the senator ?	yes
The artist was believed by the professor .	Did the professor believe the artist ?	yes
The judges were avoided by the tourist .	Did the tourist avoid the judges ?	yes
The manager was recognized by the student .	Did the student recognize the manager ?	yes
The secretary was thanked by the senator .	Did the senator thank the secretary ?	yes
The manager was supported by the judges .	Did the judges support the manager ?	yes
The banker was supported by the professors .	Did the professors support the banker ?	yes
The author was advised by the judge .	Did the judge advise the author ?	yes
The professor was contacted by the presidents .	Did the presidents contact the professor ?	yes
The secretary was believed by the author .	Did the author believe the secretary ?	yes
The judge was mentioned by the banker .	Did the banker mention the judge ?	yes
The bankers were avoided by the tourist .	Did the tourist avoid the bankers ?	yes
The tourists were recommended by the author .	Did the author recommend the tourists ?	yes
The scientist was advised by the manager .	Did the manager advise the scientist ?	yes
The senators were thanked by the actor .	Did the actor thank the senators ?	yes
The tourists were admired by the actors .	Did the actors admire the tourists ?	yes
The author was believed by the banker .	Did the banker believe the author ?	yes
The senator was believed by the doctor .	Did the doctor believe the senator ?	yes
The managers were avoided by the judge .	Did the judge avoid the managers ?	yes
The tourists were recommended by the athlete .	Did the athlete recommend the tourists ?	yes
The president was contacted by the manager .	Did the manager contact the president ?	yes
The managers were avoided by the student .	Did the student avoid the managers ?	yes
The doctors were advised by the tourist .	Did the tourist advise the doctors ?	yes
The presidents were mentioned by the professors .	Did the professors mention the presidents ?	yes
The actor was believed by the artists .	Did the artists believe the actor ?	yes
The student was introduced by the managers .	Did the managers introduce the student ?	yes
The judges were helped by the senator .	Did the senator help the judges ?	yes
The doctors were contacted by the artists .	Did the artists contact the doctors ?	yes
The senator was contacted by the actors .	Did the actors contact the senator ?	yes
The tourists were mentioned by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers mention the tourists ?	yes
The judges were admired by the doctors .	Did the doctors admire the judges ?	yes
The senators were supported by the athletes .	Did the athletes support the senators ?	yes
The actors were contacted by the author .	Did the author contact the actors ?	yes
The tourist was advised by the professors .	Did the professors advise the tourist ?	yes
The managers were contacted by the author .	Did the author contact the managers ?	yes
The actor was recognized by the senators .	Did the senators recognize the actor ?	yes
The bankers were introduced by the author .	Did the author introduce the bankers ?	yes
The secretary was supported by the author .	Did the author support the secretary ?	yes
The banker was contacted by the professors .	Did the professors contact the banker ?	yes
The tourist was avoided by the scientist .	Did the scientist avoid the tourist ?	yes
The students were supported by the banker .	Did the banker support the students ?	yes
The professor was thanked by the senators .	Did the senators thank the professor ?	yes
The professors were advised by the scientists .	Did the scientists advise the professors ?	yes
The actor was contacted by the presidents .	Did the presidents contact the actor ?	yes
The athlete was admired by the senators .	Did the senators admire the athlete ?	yes
The author was thanked by the athlete .	Did the athlete thank the author ?	yes
The judges were recommended by the bankers .	Did the bankers recommend the judges ?	yes
The student was mentioned by the actors .	Did the actors mention the student ?	yes
The actors were thanked by the tourist .	Did the tourist thank the actors ?	yes
The actor was mentioned by the senators .	Did the senators mention the actor ?	yes
The judge was admired by the athlete .	Did the athlete admire the judge ?	yes
The lawyer was helped by the athlete .	Did the athlete help the lawyer ?	yes
The judges were introduced by the scientists .	Did the scientists introduce the judges ?	yes
The president was encouraged by the authors .	Did the authors encourage the president ?	yes
The banker was recommended by the professor .	Did the professor recommend the banker ?	yes
The judge was encouraged by the secretary .	Did the secretary encourage the judge ?	yes
The lawyer was introduced by the artist .	Did the artist introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The secretary was encouraged by the presidents .	Did the presidents encourage the secretary ?	yes
The secretary was avoided by the artists .	Did the artists avoid the secretary ?	yes
The lawyer was avoided by the scientists .	Did the scientists avoid the lawyer ?	yes
The judges were encouraged by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries encourage the judges ?	yes
The artists were supported by the senators .	Did the senators support the artists ?	yes
The manager was mentioned by the judge .	Did the judge mention the manager ?	yes
The scientists were believed by the author .	Did the author believe the scientists ?	yes
The actors were recommended by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries recommend the actors ?	yes
The judge was avoided by the athlete .	Did the athlete avoid the judge ?	yes
The judges were mentioned by the banker .	Did the banker mention the judges ?	yes
The manager was admired by the tourists .	Did the tourists admire the manager ?	yes
The doctors were recognized by the athletes .	Did the athletes recognize the doctors ?	yes
The professors were recognized by the student .	Did the student recognize the professors ?	yes
The managers were encouraged by the tourist .	Did the tourist encourage the managers ?	yes
The judge was stopped by the author .	Did the author stop the judge ?	yes
The artist was thanked by the professor .	Did the professor thank the artist ?	yes
The tourist was encouraged by the banker .	Did the banker encourage the tourist ?	yes
The doctors were avoided by the secretary .	Did the secretary avoid the doctors ?	yes
The artists were mentioned by the banker .	Did the banker mention the artists ?	yes
The presidents were helped by the judges .	Did the judges help the presidents ?	yes
The athletes were advised by the scientist .	Did the scientist advise the athletes ?	yes
The secretary was recognized by the athlete .	Did the athlete recognize the secretary ?	yes
The students were recognized by the artist .	Did the artist recognize the students ?	yes
The authors were supported by the students .	Did the students support the authors ?	yes
The judge was introduced by the student .	Did the student introduce the judge ?	yes
The judges were contacted by the actors .	Did the actors contact the judges ?	yes
The students were advised by the banker .	Did the banker advise the students ?	yes
The student was stopped by the managers .	Did the managers stop the student ?	yes
The presidents were stopped by the athlete .	Did the athlete stop the presidents ?	yes
The presidents were introduced by the students .	Did the students introduce the presidents ?	yes
The senator was avoided by the athletes .	Did the athletes avoid the senator ?	yes
The president was supported by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries support the president ?	yes
The actors were believed by the managers .	Did the managers believe the actors ?	yes
The author was mentioned by the artist .	Did the artist mention the author ?	yes
The managers were supported by the professor .	Did the professor support the managers ?	yes
The professors were encouraged by the doctors .	Did the doctors encourage the professors ?	yes
The tourists were advised by the students .	Did the students advise the tourists ?	yes
The secretaries were admired by the scientists .	Did the scientists admire the secretaries ?	yes
The author was admired by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer admire the author ?	yes
The tourists were recommended by the secretary .	Did the secretary recommend the tourists ?	yes
The doctor was recognized by the bankers .	Did the bankers recognize the doctor ?	yes
The athlete was believed by the artists .	Did the artists believe the athlete ?	yes
The bankers were admired by the manager .	Did the manager admire the bankers ?	yes
The athlete was admired by the student .	Did the student admire the athlete ?	yes
The artist was encouraged by the judge .	Did the judge encourage the artist ?	yes
The lawyer was supported by the actor .	Did the actor support the lawyer ?	yes
The manager was thanked by the president .	Did the president thank the manager ?	yes
The professor was recommended by the athletes .	Did the athletes recommend the professor ?	yes
The scientist was helped by the students .	Did the students help the scientist ?	yes
The tourists were admired by the students .	Did the students admire the tourists ?	yes
The senators were avoided by the author .	Did the author avoid the senators ?	yes
The scientists were advised by the professor .	Did the professor advise the scientists ?	yes
The lawyers were contacted by the banker .	Did the banker contact the lawyers ?	yes
The author was encouraged by the scientists .	Did the scientists encourage the author ?	yes
The senators were recognized by the actor .	Did the actor recognize the senators ?	yes
The scientist was admired by the secretary .	Did the secretary admire the scientist ?	yes
The tourists were recommended by the senators .	Did the senators recommend the tourists ?	yes
The scientist was introduced by the presidents .	Did the presidents introduce the scientist ?	yes
The athletes were supported by the students .	Did the students support the athletes ?	yes
The author was admired by the secretary .	Did the secretary admire the author ?	yes
The students were recommended by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries recommend the students ?	yes
The manager was recommended by the doctors .	Did the doctors recommend the manager ?	yes
The secretaries were helped by the managers .	Did the managers help the secretaries ?	yes
The actor was supported by the scientist .	Did the scientist support the actor ?	yes
The actors were mentioned by the artist .	Did the artist mention the actors ?	yes
The presidents were believed by the students .	Did the students believe the presidents ?	yes
The senators were recommended by the scientist .	Did the scientist recommend the senators ?	yes
The athlete was thanked by the banker .	Did the banker thank the athlete ?	yes
The secretaries were mentioned by the athlete .	Did the athlete mention the secretaries ?	yes
The students were recognized by the doctor .	Did the doctor recognize the students ?	yes
The lawyers were thanked by the presidents .	Did the presidents thank the lawyers ?	yes
The professors were introduced by the manager .	Did the manager introduce the professors ?	yes
The managers were contacted by the presidents .	Did the presidents contact the managers ?	yes
The presidents were believed by the bankers .	Did the bankers believe the presidents ?	yes
The athlete was supported by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer support the athlete ?	yes
The artists were advised by the tourist .	Did the tourist advise the artists ?	yes
The scientists were thanked by the athletes .	Did the athletes thank the scientists ?	yes
The student was believed by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries believe the student ?	yes
The professor was believed by the senators .	Did the senators believe the professor ?	yes
The doctor was introduced by the scientist .	Did the scientist introduce the doctor ?	yes
The authors were introduced by the managers .	Did the managers introduce the authors ?	yes
The senators were encouraged by the actors .	Did the actors encourage the senators ?	yes
The author was recognized by the artists .	Did the artists recognize the author ?	yes
The banker was avoided by the actor .	Did the actor avoid the banker ?	yes
The artists were stopped by the athletes .	Did the athletes stop the artists ?	yes
The doctor was avoided by the authors .	Did the authors avoid the doctor ?	yes
The author was admired by the professor .	Did the professor admire the author ?	yes
The judge was encouraged by the actor .	Did the actor encourage the judge ?	yes
The president was advised by the doctor .	Did the doctor advise the president ?	yes
The bankers were avoided by the athlete .	Did the athlete avoid the bankers ?	yes
The senators were encouraged by the manager .	Did the manager encourage the senators ?	yes
The tourists were avoided by the presidents .	Did the presidents avoid the tourists ?	yes
The judge was avoided by the artists .	Did the artists avoid the judge ?	yes
The tourists were mentioned by the students .	Did the students mention the tourists ?	yes
The author was believed by the student .	Did the student believe the author ?	yes
The athletes were admired by the tourist .	Did the tourist admire the athletes ?	yes
The artists were recommended by the author .	Did the author recommend the artists ?	yes
The athlete was thanked by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries thank the athlete ?	yes
The scientists were avoided by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers avoid the scientists ?	yes
The artist was admired by the doctors .	Did the doctors admire the artist ?	yes
The lawyers were admired by the senator .	Did the senator admire the lawyers ?	yes
The doctors were contacted by the tourist .	Did the tourist contact the doctors ?	yes
The scientists were stopped by the athletes .	Did the athletes stop the scientists ?	yes
The professor was thanked by the judge .	Did the judge thank the professor ?	yes
The doctor was admired by the artists .	Did the artists admire the doctor ?	yes
The professor was believed by the artists .	Did the artists believe the professor ?	yes
The doctor was avoided by the senators .	Did the senators avoid the doctor ?	yes
The senators were believed by the secretary .	Did the secretary believe the senators ?	yes
The tourists were thanked by the judges .	Did the judges thank the tourists ?	yes
The actor was thanked by the president .	Did the president thank the actor ?	yes
The lawyers were encouraged by the banker .	Did the banker encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The scientist was supported by the professors .	Did the professors support the scientist ?	yes
The senator was helped by the banker .	Did the banker help the senator ?	yes
The managers were supported by the actor .	Did the actor support the managers ?	yes
The presidents were admired by the tourists .	Did the tourists admire the presidents ?	yes
The professors were encouraged by the manager .	Did the manager encourage the professors ?	yes
The authors were recommended by the student .	Did the student recommend the authors ?	yes
The students were recommended by the secretary .	Did the secretary recommend the students ?	yes
The banker was recognized by the students .	Did the students recognize the banker ?	yes
The manager was recognized by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries recognize the manager ?	yes
The tourist was believed by the doctors .	Did the doctors believe the tourist ?	yes
The senator was stopped by the student .	Did the student stop the senator ?	yes
The scientists were helped by the senator .	Did the senator help the scientists ?	yes
The athletes were helped by the scientists .	Did the scientists help the athletes ?	yes
The scientists were avoided by the judges .	Did the judges avoid the scientists ?	yes
The secretary was recommended by the athlete .	Did the athlete recommend the secretary ?	yes
The judge was helped by the actors .	Did the actors help the judge ?	yes
The authors were admired by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer admire the authors ?	yes
The scientists were recognized by the actors .	Did the actors recognize the scientists ?	yes
The professor was admired by the actor .	Did the actor admire the professor ?	yes
The senator was recognized by the manager .	Did the manager recognize the senator ?	yes
The authors were believed by the athletes .	Did the athletes believe the authors ?	yes
The tourist was admired by the scientist .	Did the scientist admire the tourist ?	yes
The professor was supported by the students .	Did the students support the professor ?	yes
The professor was advised by the students .	Did the students advise the professor ?	yes
The artist was advised by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries advise the artist ?	yes
The secretary was contacted by the actor .	Did the actor contact the secretary ?	yes
The athlete was recognized by the professors .	Did the professors recognize the athlete ?	yes
The doctors were encouraged by the athletes .	Did the athletes encourage the doctors ?	yes
The athlete was encouraged by the bankers .	Did the bankers encourage the athlete ?	yes
The doctor was advised by the artist .	Did the artist advise the doctor ?	yes
The tourists were avoided by the senators .	Did the senators avoid the tourists ?	yes
The bankers were stopped by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries stop the bankers ?	yes
The author was admired by the bankers .	Did the bankers admire the author ?	yes
The professor was advised by the manager .	Did the manager advise the professor ?	yes
The senators were supported by the tourists .	Did the tourists support the senators ?	yes
The doctors were supported by the artists .	Did the artists support the doctors ?	yes
The tourist was introduced by the artist .	Did the artist introduce the tourist ?	yes
The senator was advised by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers advise the senator ?	yes
The lawyers were thanked by the judges .	Did the judges thank the lawyers ?	yes
The banker was believed by the senator .	Did the senator believe the banker ?	yes
The banker was admired by the student .	Did the student admire the banker ?	yes
The author was advised by the artist .	Did the artist advise the author ?	yes
The lawyer was contacted by the judge .	Did the judge contact the lawyer ?	yes
The scientist was avoided by the presidents .	Did the presidents avoid the scientist ?	yes
The scientists were believed by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers believe the scientists ?	yes
The professor was thanked by the actor .	Did the actor thank the professor ?	yes
The scientists were thanked by the manager .	Did the manager thank the scientists ?	yes
The scientist was mentioned by the professor .	Did the professor mention the scientist ?	yes
The student was helped by the scientists .	Did the scientists help the student ?	yes
The professors were admired by the artist .	Did the artist admire the professors ?	yes
The manager was encouraged by the secretary .	Did the secretary encourage the manager ?	yes
The author was mentioned by the senator .	Did the senator mention the author ?	yes
The actors were thanked by the doctor .	Did the doctor thank the actors ?	yes
The scientists were avoided by the tourists .	Did the tourists avoid the scientists ?	yes
The doctors were recommended by the judge .	Did the judge recommend the doctors ?	yes
The secretary was helped by the manager .	Did the manager help the secretary ?	yes
The manager was admired by the author .	Did the author admire the manager ?	yes
The actors were helped by the professor .	Did the professor help the actors ?	yes
The doctors were recognized by the judge .	Did the judge recognize the doctors ?	yes
The author was avoided by the professor .	Did the professor avoid the author ?	yes
The manager was helped by the actor .	Did the actor help the manager ?	yes
The banker was encouraged by the judge .	Did the judge encourage the banker ?	yes
The president was avoided by the doctor .	Did the doctor avoid the president ?	yes
The senators were thanked by the manager .	Did the manager thank the senators ?	yes
The authors were admired by the doctor .	Did the doctor admire the authors ?	yes
The tourists were introduced by the students .	Did the students introduce the tourists ?	yes
The banker was thanked by the doctor .	Did the doctor thank the banker ?	yes
The artists were supported by the senator .	Did the senator support the artists ?	yes
The judge was recognized by the students .	Did the students recognize the judge ?	yes
The athletes were thanked by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries thank the athletes ?	yes
The authors were thanked by the actor .	Did the actor thank the authors ?	yes
The doctor was stopped by the students .	Did the students stop the doctor ?	yes
The presidents were introduced by the banker .	Did the banker introduce the presidents ?	yes
The tourists were contacted by the actor .	Did the actor contact the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer was supported by the president .	Did the president support the lawyer ?	yes
The senators were introduced by the managers .	Did the managers introduce the senators ?	yes
The professors were avoided by the actor .	Did the actor avoid the professors ?	yes
The manager was recommended by the author .	Did the author recommend the manager ?	yes
The scientists were recommended by the actor .	Did the actor recommend the scientists ?	yes
The tourist was mentioned by the senator .	Did the senator mention the tourist ?	yes
The athlete was encouraged by the banker .	Did the banker encourage the athlete ?	yes
The athletes were recommended by the senator .	Did the senator recommend the athletes ?	yes
The actors were mentioned by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer mention the actors ?	yes
The artist was believed by the athlete .	Did the athlete believe the artist ?	yes
The senator was contacted by the presidents .	Did the presidents contact the senator ?	yes
The bankers were believed by the artists .	Did the artists believe the bankers ?	yes
The artist was mentioned by the tourists .	Did the tourists mention the artist ?	yes
The artist was mentioned by the secretary .	Did the secretary mention the artist ?	yes
The student was avoided by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries avoid the student ?	yes
The student was stopped by the athletes .	Did the athletes stop the student ?	yes
The president was stopped by the artist .	Did the artist stop the president ?	yes
The managers were introduced by the artists .	Did the artists introduce the managers ?	yes
The athlete was supported by the doctors .	Did the doctors support the athlete ?	yes
The manager was stopped by the athletes .	Did the athletes stop the manager ?	yes
The tourist was avoided by the actor .	Did the actor avoid the tourist ?	yes
The professors were encouraged by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers encourage the professors ?	yes
The tourist was recommended by the scientists .	Did the scientists recommend the tourist ?	yes
The lawyer was advised by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries advise the lawyer ?	yes
The scientists were believed by the artist .	Did the artist believe the scientists ?	yes
The secretaries were helped by the doctor .	Did the doctor help the secretaries ?	yes
The author was advised by the banker .	Did the banker advise the author ?	yes
The lawyer was thanked by the scientists .	Did the scientists thank the lawyer ?	yes
The artists were admired by the tourists .	Did the tourists admire the artists ?	yes
The presidents were advised by the bankers .	Did the bankers advise the presidents ?	yes
The secretary was introduced by the president .	Did the president introduce the secretary ?	yes
The athletes were recommended by the judge .	Did the judge recommend the athletes ?	yes
The athletes were advised by the senator .	Did the senator advise the athletes ?	yes
The secretary was recommended by the artists .	Did the artists recommend the secretary ?	yes
The president was mentioned by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers mention the president ?	yes
The presidents were encouraged by the professors .	Did the professors encourage the presidents ?	yes
The author was contacted by the banker .	Did the banker contact the author ?	yes
The professor was supported by the student .	Did the student support the professor ?	yes
The senators were recommended by the tourist .	Did the tourist recommend the senators ?	yes
The secretary was advised by the athletes .	Did the athletes advise the secretary ?	yes
The professors were advised by the manager .	Did the manager advise the professors ?	yes
The actors were avoided by the managers .	Did the managers avoid the actors ?	yes
The doctors were admired by the actors .	Did the actors admire the doctors ?	yes
The lawyers were recognized by the judge .	Did the judge recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The scientists were recommended by the athletes .	Did the athletes recommend the scientists ?	yes
The professors were encouraged by the tourist .	Did the tourist encourage the professors ?	yes
The author was recognized by the scientist .	Did the scientist recognize the author ?	yes
The tourists were thanked by the student .	Did the student thank the tourists ?	yes
The tourist was mentioned by the doctor .	Did the doctor mention the tourist ?	yes
The student was thanked by the manager .	Did the manager thank the student ?	yes
The judge was contacted by the senator .	Did the senator contact the judge ?	yes
The student was mentioned by the scientist .	Did the scientist mention the student ?	yes
The judges were recognized by the artist .	Did the artist recognize the judges ?	yes
The doctors were advised by the judges .	Did the judges advise the doctors ?	yes
The tourist was introduced by the banker .	Did the banker introduce the tourist ?	yes
The banker was mentioned by the student .	Did the student mention the banker ?	yes
The actor was recommended by the athletes .	Did the athletes recommend the actor ?	yes
The scientist was helped by the tourist .	Did the tourist help the scientist ?	yes
The judge was recognized by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recognize the judge ?	yes
The bankers were supported by the managers .	Did the managers support the bankers ?	yes
The manager was helped by the tourists .	Did the tourists help the manager ?	yes
The tourist was recognized by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries recognize the tourist ?	yes
The secretary was avoided by the actors .	Did the actors avoid the secretary ?	yes
The president was stopped by the athlete .	Did the athlete stop the president ?	yes
The scientists were mentioned by the athlete .	Did the athlete mention the scientists ?	yes
The judge was recommended by the doctors .	Did the doctors recommend the judge ?	yes
The presidents were recognized by the scientists .	Did the scientists recognize the presidents ?	yes
The professors were helped by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries help the professors ?	yes
The doctors were introduced by the tourists .	Did the tourists introduce the doctors ?	yes
The professors were advised by the managers .	Did the managers advise the professors ?	yes
The students were helped by the manager .	Did the manager help the students ?	yes
The senators were advised by the professor .	Did the professor advise the senators ?	yes
The bankers were recommended by the artists .	Did the artists recommend the bankers ?	yes
The lawyers were avoided by the artist .	Did the artist avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The senator was admired by the athletes .	Did the athletes admire the senator ?	yes
The president was recommended by the scientists .	Did the scientists recommend the president ?	yes
The managers were avoided by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer avoid the managers ?	yes
The bankers were mentioned by the athletes .	Did the athletes mention the bankers ?	yes
The artist was admired by the actors .	Did the actors admire the artist ?	yes
The actors were believed by the athlete .	Did the athlete believe the actors ?	yes
The doctor was contacted by the tourist .	Did the tourist contact the doctor ?	yes
The professor was stopped by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers stop the professor ?	yes
The doctors were recommended by the senators .	Did the senators recommend the doctors ?	yes
The scientist was recognized by the artists .	Did the artists recognize the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer was stopped by the secretary .	Did the secretary stop the lawyer ?	yes
The senator was avoided by the artist .	Did the artist avoid the senator ?	yes
The president was mentioned by the manager .	Did the manager mention the president ?	yes
The athletes were contacted by the judge .	Did the judge contact the athletes ?	yes
The senators were thanked by the actors .	Did the actors thank the senators ?	yes
The author was admired by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries admire the author ?	yes
The artists were supported by the managers .	Did the managers support the artists ?	yes
The authors were encouraged by the secretary .	Did the secretary encourage the authors ?	yes
The judges were believed by the doctors .	Did the doctors believe the judges ?	yes
The athlete was recommended by the judges .	Did the judges recommend the athlete ?	yes
The senator was contacted by the professors .	Did the professors contact the senator ?	yes
The scientist was believed by the senators .	Did the senators believe the scientist ?	yes
The professor was encouraged by the artists .	Did the artists encourage the professor ?	yes
The professor was introduced by the athletes .	Did the athletes introduce the professor ?	yes
The actors were stopped by the presidents .	Did the presidents stop the actors ?	yes
The artists were helped by the students .	Did the students help the artists ?	yes
The actors were contacted by the scientist .	Did the scientist contact the actors ?	yes
The lawyer was recommended by the athlete .	Did the athlete recommend the lawyer ?	yes
The doctor was advised by the banker .	Did the banker advise the doctor ?	yes
The athlete was supported by the judge .	Did the judge support the athlete ?	yes
The manager was stopped by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers stop the manager ?	yes
The professor was mentioned by the president .	Did the president mention the professor ?	yes
The authors were avoided by the actors .	Did the actors avoid the authors ?	yes
The authors were recommended by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers recommend the authors ?	yes
The manager was admired by the senator .	Did the senator admire the manager ?	yes
The scientists were encouraged by the tourist .	Did the tourist encourage the scientists ?	yes
The secretary was recommended by the judge .	Did the judge recommend the secretary ?	yes
The manager was advised by the student .	Did the student advise the manager ?	yes
The artist was mentioned by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries mention the artist ?	yes
The manager was believed by the actors .	Did the actors believe the manager ?	yes
The professor was mentioned by the senator .	Did the senator mention the professor ?	yes
The artist was admired by the managers .	Did the managers admire the artist ?	yes
The student was avoided by the professor .	Did the professor avoid the student ?	yes
The judges were contacted by the authors .	Did the authors contact the judges ?	yes
The lawyers were thanked by the tourist .	Did the tourist thank the lawyers ?	yes
The doctor was contacted by the bankers .	Did the bankers contact the doctor ?	yes
The judge was introduced by the authors .	Did the authors introduce the judge ?	yes
The scientists were contacted by the artists .	Did the artists contact the scientists ?	yes
The bankers were admired by the judge .	Did the judge admire the bankers ?	yes
The tourist was introduced by the managers .	Did the managers introduce the tourist ?	yes
The athlete was recommended by the artists .	Did the artists recommend the athlete ?	yes
The artist was admired by the manager .	Did the manager admire the artist ?	yes
The actors were thanked by the presidents .	Did the presidents thank the actors ?	yes
The professor was advised by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers advise the professor ?	yes
The athlete was contacted by the actor .	Did the actor contact the athlete ?	yes
The athlete was introduced by the presidents .	Did the presidents introduce the athlete ?	yes
The doctors were supported by the students .	Did the students support the doctors ?	yes
The actors were thanked by the artist .	Did the artist thank the actors ?	yes
The author was contacted by the manager .	Did the manager contact the author ?	yes
The athlete was admired by the artists .	Did the artists admire the athlete ?	yes
The actor was supported by the secretary .	Did the secretary support the actor ?	yes
The senators were believed by the student .	Did the student believe the senators ?	yes
The secretary was helped by the professors .	Did the professors help the secretary ?	yes
The lawyers were avoided by the doctor .	Did the doctor avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The students were recognized by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recognize the students ?	yes
The judges were avoided by the professor .	Did the professor avoid the judges ?	yes
The managers were supported by the students .	Did the students support the managers ?	yes
The author was thanked by the doctors .	Did the doctors thank the author ?	yes
The student was avoided by the doctors .	Did the doctors avoid the student ?	yes
The doctor was introduced by the actors .	Did the actors introduce the doctor ?	yes
The tourists were encouraged by the students .	Did the students encourage the tourists ?	yes
The doctors were avoided by the scientists .	Did the scientists avoid the doctors ?	yes
The secretary was recommended by the tourist .	Did the tourist recommend the secretary ?	yes
The student was thanked by the senator .	Did the senator thank the student ?	yes
The artists were helped by the tourist .	Did the tourist help the artists ?	yes
The senator was recognized by the artists .	Did the artists recognize the senator ?	yes
The secretaries were avoided by the presidents .	Did the presidents avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The doctors were helped by the presidents .	Did the presidents help the doctors ?	yes
The scientists were advised by the judge .	Did the judge advise the scientists ?	yes
The judge was supported by the senator .	Did the senator support the judge ?	yes
The senators were thanked by the tourist .	Did the tourist thank the senators ?	yes
The senators were introduced by the professors .	Did the professors introduce the senators ?	yes
The manager was helped by the student .	Did the student help the manager ?	yes
The author was recommended by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers recommend the author ?	yes
The scientist was thanked by the bankers .	Did the bankers thank the scientist ?	yes
The doctor was contacted by the athlete .	Did the athlete contact the doctor ?	yes
The judges were encouraged by the doctors .	Did the doctors encourage the judges ?	yes
The athletes were contacted by the secretary .	Did the secretary contact the athletes ?	yes
The athletes were encouraged by the president .	Did the president encourage the athletes ?	yes
The athletes were encouraged by the actor .	Did the actor encourage the athletes ?	yes
The bankers were contacted by the tourists .	Did the tourists contact the bankers ?	yes
The tourists were encouraged by the presidents .	Did the presidents encourage the tourists ?	yes
The scientists were avoided by the manager .	Did the manager avoid the scientists ?	yes
The senators were thanked by the presidents .	Did the presidents thank the senators ?	yes
The president was contacted by the scientist .	Did the scientist contact the president ?	yes
The actor was helped by the professor .	Did the professor help the actor ?	yes
The senator was believed by the professor .	Did the professor believe the senator ?	yes
The tourist was recognized by the professor .	Did the professor recognize the tourist ?	yes
The actors were thanked by the authors .	Did the authors thank the actors ?	yes
The secretaries were mentioned by the president .	Did the president mention the secretaries ?	yes
The manager was recommended by the president .	Did the president recommend the manager ?	yes
The judges were advised by the professor .	Did the professor advise the judges ?	yes
The professors were encouraged by the actor .	Did the actor encourage the professors ?	yes
The secretary was stopped by the athletes .	Did the athletes stop the secretary ?	yes
The professor was supported by the judge .	Did the judge support the professor ?	yes
The manager was encouraged by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers encourage the manager ?	yes
The author was thanked by the judge .	Did the judge thank the author ?	yes
The lawyers were supported by the judge .	Did the judge support the lawyers ?	yes
The judge was recognized by the athletes .	Did the athletes recognize the judge ?	yes
The president was introduced by the judge .	Did the judge introduce the president ?	yes
The professor was stopped by the senators .	Did the senators stop the professor ?	yes
The lawyers were admired by the professor .	Did the professor admire the lawyers ?	yes
The scientist was contacted by the doctors .	Did the doctors contact the scientist ?	yes
The student was introduced by the judge .	Did the judge introduce the student ?	yes
The bankers were encouraged by the president .	Did the president encourage the bankers ?	yes
The actor was supported by the president .	Did the president support the actor ?	yes
The manager was admired by the bankers .	Did the bankers admire the manager ?	yes
The doctors were avoided by the author .	Did the author avoid the doctors ?	yes
The senators were stopped by the professor .	Did the professor stop the senators ?	yes
The author was recognized by the actors .	Did the actors recognize the author ?	yes
The lawyer was helped by the judges .	Did the judges help the lawyer ?	yes
The judge was introduced by the president .	Did the president introduce the judge ?	yes
The judge was advised by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries advise the judge ?	yes
The artists were thanked by the president .	Did the president thank the artists ?	yes
The senator was recognized by the judges .	Did the judges recognize the senator ?	yes
The managers were admired by the senators .	Did the senators admire the managers ?	yes
The lawyer was introduced by the president .	Did the president introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The actor was admired by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer admire the actor ?	yes
The students were avoided by the professors .	Did the professors avoid the students ?	yes
The artists were avoided by the professors .	Did the professors avoid the artists ?	yes
The doctor was supported by the professors .	Did the professors support the doctor ?	yes
The actor was admired by the judges .	Did the judges admire the actor ?	yes
The scientists were encouraged by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer encourage the scientists ?	yes
The presidents were contacted by the athlete .	Did the athlete contact the presidents ?	yes
The managers were contacted by the tourist .	Did the tourist contact the managers ?	yes
The presidents were stopped by the authors .	Did the authors stop the presidents ?	yes
The judges were helped by the senators .	Did the senators help the judges ?	yes
The president was believed by the secretary .	Did the secretary believe the president ?	yes
The president was stopped by the managers .	Did the managers stop the president ?	yes
The authors were introduced by the actor .	Did the actor introduce the authors ?	yes
The actor was recommended by the students .	Did the students recommend the actor ?	yes
The artists were introduced by the tourists .	Did the tourists introduce the artists ?	yes
The actor was recognized by the doctor .	Did the doctor recognize the actor ?	yes
The doctors were recognized by the student .	Did the student recognize the doctors ?	yes
The doctor was helped by the professors .	Did the professors help the doctor ?	yes
The president was recognized by the scientist .	Did the scientist recognize the president ?	yes
The senator was recognized by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries recognize the senator ?	yes
The lawyers were thanked by the professors .	Did the professors thank the lawyers ?	yes
The professors were advised by the tourists .	Did the tourists advise the professors ?	yes
The secretary was admired by the judges .	Did the judges admire the secretary ?	yes
The doctors were contacted by the students .	Did the students contact the doctors ?	yes
The athletes were helped by the professor .	Did the professor help the athletes ?	yes
The student was introduced by the authors .	Did the authors introduce the student ?	yes
The banker was supported by the doctors .	Did the doctors support the banker ?	yes
The senators were helped by the actor .	Did the actor help the senators ?	yes
The authors were thanked by the banker .	Did the banker thank the authors ?	yes
The doctor was recommended by the secretary .	Did the secretary recommend the doctor ?	yes
The secretaries were helped by the doctors .	Did the doctors help the secretaries ?	yes
The presidents were avoided by the senators .	Did the senators avoid the presidents ?	yes
The tourists were thanked by the scientists .	Did the scientists thank the tourists ?	yes
The doctor was encouraged by the professor .	Did the professor encourage the doctor ?	yes
The secretaries were believed by the actor .	Did the actor believe the secretaries ?	yes
The senators were mentioned by the actor .	Did the actor mention the senators ?	yes
The bankers were admired by the scientists .	Did the scientists admire the bankers ?	yes
The student was encouraged by the athlete .	Did the athlete encourage the student ?	yes
The secretary was stopped by the artist .	Did the artist stop the secretary ?	yes
The tourists were avoided by the actors .	Did the actors avoid the tourists ?	yes
The actors were thanked by the president .	Did the president thank the actors ?	yes
The secretaries were supported by the tourist .	Did the tourist support the secretaries ?	yes
The professors were introduced by the students .	Did the students introduce the professors ?	yes
The athletes were thanked by the scientists .	Did the scientists thank the athletes ?	yes
The president was helped by the tourist .	Did the tourist help the president ?	yes
The professor was encouraged by the author .	Did the author encourage the professor ?	yes
The artist was introduced by the senators .	Did the senators introduce the artist ?	yes
The judge was avoided by the artist .	Did the artist avoid the judge ?	yes
The authors were believed by the doctors .	Did the doctors believe the authors ?	yes
The secretary was advised by the athlete .	Did the athlete advise the secretary ?	yes
The scientist was recognized by the actors .	Did the actors recognize the scientist ?	yes
The student was encouraged by the artist .	Did the artist encourage the student ?	yes
The students were admired by the actor .	Did the actor admire the students ?	yes
The scientists were advised by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries advise the scientists ?	yes
The lawyer was contacted by the professor .	Did the professor contact the lawyer ?	yes
The banker was encouraged by the actor .	Did the actor encourage the banker ?	yes
The judges were believed by the actors .	Did the actors believe the judges ?	yes
The tourist was encouraged by the athletes .	Did the athletes encourage the tourist ?	yes
The artist was supported by the authors .	Did the authors support the artist ?	yes
The actors were introduced by the bankers .	Did the bankers introduce the actors ?	yes
The actors were mentioned by the artists .	Did the artists mention the actors ?	yes
The artists were encouraged by the tourists .	Did the tourists encourage the artists ?	yes
The student was introduced by the senators .	Did the senators introduce the student ?	yes
The authors were thanked by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers thank the authors ?	yes
The secretaries were helped by the president .	Did the president help the secretaries ?	yes
The doctor was stopped by the manager .	Did the manager stop the doctor ?	yes
The managers were recognized by the artists .	Did the artists recognize the managers ?	yes
The tourists were recommended by the banker .	Did the banker recommend the tourists ?	yes
The students were recognized by the judge .	Did the judge recognize the students ?	yes
The actor was believed by the managers .	Did the managers believe the actor ?	yes
The tourists were mentioned by the scientists .	Did the scientists mention the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer was avoided by the senators .	Did the senators avoid the lawyer ?	yes
The senators were supported by the student .	Did the student support the senators ?	yes
The judges were avoided by the senator .	Did the senator avoid the judges ?	yes
The student was stopped by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers stop the student ?	yes
The tourists were contacted by the scientists .	Did the scientists contact the tourists ?	yes
The managers were advised by the doctor .	Did the doctor advise the managers ?	yes
The president was helped by the student .	Did the student help the president ?	yes
The lawyer was avoided by the tourists .	Did the tourists avoid the lawyer ?	yes
The author was recommended by the manager .	Did the manager recommend the author ?	yes
The scientists were advised by the athletes .	Did the athletes advise the scientists ?	yes
The managers were mentioned by the actors .	Did the actors mention the managers ?	yes
The doctor was helped by the authors .	Did the authors help the doctor ?	yes
The bankers were helped by the scientists .	Did the scientists help the bankers ?	yes
The judges were believed by the senator .	Did the senator believe the judges ?	yes
The president was recognized by the manager .	Did the manager recognize the president ?	yes
The senator was helped by the scientists .	Did the scientists help the senator ?	yes
The author was introduced by the athlete .	Did the athlete introduce the author ?	yes
The secretary was encouraged by the author .	Did the author encourage the secretary ?	yes
The tourist was mentioned by the professors .	Did the professors mention the tourist ?	yes
The secretaries were admired by the actor .	Did the actor admire the secretaries ?	yes
The actors were supported by the senator .	Did the senator support the actors ?	yes
The secretaries were advised by the artists .	Did the artists advise the secretaries ?	yes
The scientists were supported by the judges .	Did the judges support the scientists ?	yes
The secretaries were recognized by the actor .	Did the actor recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The senators were believed by the judge .	Did the judge believe the senators ?	yes
The president was recommended by the athlete .	Did the athlete recommend the president ?	yes
The president was avoided by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer avoid the president ?	yes
The managers were advised by the actor .	Did the actor advise the managers ?	yes
The senator was stopped by the doctors .	Did the doctors stop the senator ?	yes
The senators were supported by the artist .	Did the artist support the senators ?	yes
The doctors were believed by the manager .	Did the manager believe the doctors ?	yes
The professor was avoided by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer avoid the professor ?	yes
The lawyers were thanked by the doctors .	Did the doctors thank the lawyers ?	yes
The author was recommended by the presidents .	Did the presidents recommend the author ?	yes
The secretary was supported by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers support the secretary ?	yes
The tourists were recommended by the artists .	Did the artists recommend the tourists ?	yes
The presidents were encouraged by the tourist .	Did the tourist encourage the presidents ?	yes
The artists were recommended by the actor .	Did the actor recommend the artists ?	yes
The manager was stopped by the secretary .	Did the secretary stop the manager ?	yes
The senator was recommended by the tourist .	Did the tourist recommend the senator ?	yes
The presidents were mentioned by the secretaries .	Did the secretaries mention the presidents ?	yes
The students were avoided by the scientists .	Did the scientists avoid the students ?	yes
The scientists were advised by the student .	Did the student advise the scientists ?	yes
The judges were encouraged by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer encourage the judges ?	yes
The lawyer was advised by the presidents .	Did the presidents advise the lawyer ?	yes
The president was advised by the authors .	Did the authors advise the president ?	yes
The tourists were encouraged by the student .	Did the student encourage the tourists ?	yes
The tourists were stopped by the actor .	Did the actor stop the tourists ?	yes
The athletes were recommended by the tourists .	Did the tourists recommend the athletes ?	yes
The president was helped by the professors .	Did the professors help the president ?	yes
The students were mentioned by the presidents .	Did the presidents mention the students ?	yes
The presidents were stopped by the student .	Did the student stop the presidents ?	yes
The presidents were recommended by the actors .	Did the actors recommend the presidents ?	yes
The athletes were recommended by the lawyer .	Did the lawyer recommend the athletes ?	yes
The doctors were thanked by the judges .	Did the judges thank the doctors ?	yes
The student was recommended by the managers .	Did the managers recommend the student ?	yes
The manager was introduced by the professors .	Did the professors introduce the manager ?	yes
The banker was admired by the actor .	Did the actor admire the banker ?	yes
The managers were helped by the students .	Did the students help the managers ?	yes
The banker was advised by the manager .	Did the manager advise the banker ?	yes
The manager was recognized by the artists .	Did the artists recognize the manager ?	yes
The judges were recommended by the professor .	Did the professor recommend the judges ?	yes
The tourist was supported by the actors .	Did the actors support the tourist ?	yes
The judge was believed by the athlete .	Did the athlete believe the judge ?	yes
The athlete was thanked by the judges .	Did the judges thank the athlete ?	yes
The athletes were recommended by the student .	Did the student recommend the athletes ?	yes
The managers were contacted by the judge .	Did the judge contact the managers ?	yes
The scientist was helped by the author .	Did the author help the scientist ?	yes
The secretary was supported by the doctor .	Did the doctor support the secretary ?	yes
The scientist was stopped by the author .	Did the author stop the scientist ?	yes
The tourists were recognized by the banker .	Did the banker recognize the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer was advised by the bankers .	Did the bankers advise the lawyer ?	yes
The tourists were encouraged by the actor .	Did the actor encourage the tourists ?	yes
The student was believed by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers believe the student ?	yes
The author was avoided by the secretary .	Did the secretary avoid the author ?	yes
The actor was advised by the tourists .	Did the tourists advise the actor ?	yes
The president was thanked by the actor .	Did the actor thank the president ?	yes
The students were helped by the scientist .	Did the scientist help the students ?	yes
The athlete was believed by the bankers .	Did the bankers believe the athlete ?	yes
The actor was admired by the athletes .	Did the athletes admire the actor ?	yes
The senators were advised by the doctors .	Did the doctors advise the senators ?	yes
The manager was recommended by the tourist .	Did the tourist recommend the manager ?	yes
The judges were helped by the actor .	Did the actor help the judges ?	yes
The presidents were supported by the scientists .	Did the scientists support the presidents ?	yes
The authors were contacted by the tourist .	Did the tourist contact the authors ?	yes
The manager was believed by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers believe the manager ?	yes
The judge was encouraged by the artists .	Did the artists encourage the judge ?	yes
The professors were thanked by the tourist .	Did the tourist thank the professors ?	yes
The doctor was helped by the judge .	Did the judge help the doctor ?	yes
The bankers were thanked by the presidents .	Did the presidents thank the bankers ?	yes
The artists were supported by the judge .	Did the judge support the artists ?	yes
The scientists were contacted by the judges .	Did the judges contact the scientists ?	yes
The tourist was recommended by the lawyers .	Did the lawyers recommend the tourist ?	yes
The presidents were believed by the senators .	Did the senators believe the presidents ?	yes
The athletes were contacted by the president .	Did the president contact the athletes ?	yes
The banker was avoided by the athletes .	Did the athletes avoid the banker ?	yes
The author was encouraged by the banker .	Did the banker encourage the author ?	yes
The doctors were mentioned by the bankers .	Did the bankers mention the doctors ?	yes
The athletes were recognized by the doctors .	Did the doctors recognize the athletes ?	yes
The professor was supported by the bankers .	Did the bankers support the professor ?	yes
The student was advised by the judge .	Did the judge advise the student ?	yes
The judges were mentioned by the athletes .	Did the athletes mention the judges ?	yes
The tourists were helped by the student .	Did the student help the tourists ?	yes
The manager was believed by the bankers .	Did the bankers believe the manager ?	yes
The judges were encouraged by the scientist .	Did the scientist encourage the judges ?	yes
The manager knew the tourists supported the author .	Did the manager know the tourists ?	no
The manager knew the athlete mentioned the actor .	Did the manager know the athlete ?	no
The lawyers knew the professors mentioned the presidents .	Did the lawyers know the professors ?	no
The managers heard the secretary encouraged the author .	Did the managers hear the secretary ?	no
The artists heard the judges saw the scientists .	Did the artists hear the judges ?	no
The scientists heard the presidents believed the students .	Did the scientists hear the presidents ?	no
The tourists believed the secretaries performed .	Did the tourists believe the secretaries ?	no
The professors believed the managers shouted .	Did the professors believe the managers ?	no
The presidents heard the actor resigned .	Did the presidents hear the actor ?	no
The student knew the tourist arrived .	Did the student know the tourist ?	no
The scientist believed the artists ran .	Did the scientist believe the artists ?	no
The lawyers believed the bankers resigned .	Did the lawyers believe the bankers ?	no
The scientists knew the presidents believed the authors .	Did the scientists know the presidents ?	no
The presidents knew the professor encouraged the artists .	Did the presidents know the professor ?	no
The judge knew the lawyer thanked the actor .	Did the judge know the lawyer ?	no
The senator knew the professors called the actors .	Did the senator know the professors ?	no
The student heard the professors resigned .	Did the student hear the professors ?	no
The doctor knew the athletes advised the secretaries .	Did the doctor know the athletes ?	no
The tourist believed the presidents contacted the lawyers .	Did the tourist believe the presidents ?	no
The judges heard the actors performed .	Did the judges hear the actors ?	no
The senators believed the scientists helped the student .	Did the senators believe the scientists ?	no
The secretary believed the professors stopped the actor .	Did the secretary believe the professors ?	no
The tourist believed the actors waited .	Did the tourist believe the actors ?	no
The actors heard the presidents ran .	Did the actors hear the presidents ?	no
The lawyers heard the athlete advised the manager .	Did the lawyers hear the athlete ?	no
The senator knew the managers performed .	Did the senator know the managers ?	no
The judge believed the tourist arrived .	Did the judge believe the tourist ?	no
The tourists heard the manager avoided the secretary .	Did the tourists hear the manager ?	no
The authors knew the lawyers called the senator .	Did the authors know the lawyers ?	no
The lawyer heard the secretary avoided the doctors .	Did the lawyer hear the secretary ?	no
The author believed the professors performed .	Did the author believe the professors ?	no
The authors heard the tourist advised the presidents .	Did the authors hear the tourist ?	no
The tourist heard the doctors ran .	Did the tourist hear the doctors ?	no
The senator knew the doctors arrived .	Did the senator know the doctors ?	no
The artists heard the lawyer supported the actor .	Did the artists hear the lawyer ?	no
The doctors believed the scientists helped the authors .	Did the doctors believe the scientists ?	no
The athletes knew the authors recommended the actor .	Did the athletes know the authors ?	no
The author believed the doctors introduced the managers .	Did the author believe the doctors ?	no
The senator heard the secretary resigned .	Did the senator hear the secretary ?	no
The doctors heard the president thanked the authors .	Did the doctors hear the president ?	no
The doctor believed the actors waited .	Did the doctor believe the actors ?	no
The artist heard the manager saw the doctor .	Did the artist hear the manager ?	no
The actor knew the athletes arrived .	Did the actor know the athletes ?	no
The actor knew the tourist called the president .	Did the actor know the tourist ?	no
The secretary believed the author saw the professor .	Did the secretary believe the author ?	no
The scientists heard the professors resigned .	Did the scientists hear the professors ?	no
The presidents believed the student called the athlete .	Did the presidents believe the student ?	no
The senator believed the banker recommended the actor .	Did the senator believe the banker ?	no
The students heard the judges mentioned the athlete .	Did the students hear the judges ?	no
The secretaries believed the judges stopped the authors .	Did the secretaries believe the judges ?	no
The scientist heard the judge avoided the senator .	Did the scientist hear the judge ?	no
The actors heard the lawyer performed .	Did the actors hear the lawyer ?	no
The professor heard the presidents saw the lawyers .	Did the professor hear the presidents ?	no
The judge knew the senator shouted .	Did the judge know the senator ?	no
The judge knew the senators believed the author .	Did the judge know the senators ?	no
The tourist believed the scientists shouted .	Did the tourist believe the scientists ?	no
The secretaries believed the actors slept .	Did the secretaries believe the actors ?	no
The secretary knew the lawyer danced .	Did the secretary know the lawyer ?	no
The doctors believed the banker saw the tourists .	Did the doctors believe the banker ?	no
The professors believed the senators introduced the athlete .	Did the professors believe the senators ?	no
The doctor knew the professor avoided the authors .	Did the doctor know the professor ?	no
The authors knew the judges shouted .	Did the authors know the judges ?	no
The banker knew the athletes recommended the tourists .	Did the banker know the athletes ?	no
The artists believed the doctor ran .	Did the artists believe the doctor ?	no
The athletes knew the actors contacted the secretaries .	Did the athletes know the actors ?	no
The bankers knew the judges performed .	Did the bankers know the judges ?	no
The tourists heard the presidents waited .	Did the tourists hear the presidents ?	no
The senator knew the manager ran .	Did the senator know the manager ?	no
The actor believed the athletes resigned .	Did the actor believe the athletes ?	no
The manager heard the president admired the athletes .	Did the manager hear the president ?	no
The actor believed the professor introduced the banker .	Did the actor believe the professor ?	no
The secretary believed the athletes waited .	Did the secretary believe the athletes ?	no
The scientist heard the doctor introduced the president .	Did the scientist hear the doctor ?	no
The doctor knew the bankers admired the lawyer .	Did the doctor know the bankers ?	no
The artists believed the tourist thanked the bankers .	Did the artists believe the tourist ?	no
The judges knew the student saw the author .	Did the judges know the student ?	no
The senators believed the artist shouted .	Did the senators believe the artist ?	no
The senator heard the athlete performed .	Did the senator hear the athlete ?	no
The professors knew the athlete recognized the students .	Did the professors know the athlete ?	no
The secretaries heard the athletes helped the president .	Did the secretaries hear the athletes ?	no
The secretaries believed the manager recognized the scientist .	Did the secretaries believe the manager ?	no
The doctor heard the athlete recommended the lawyers .	Did the doctor hear the athlete ?	no
The president heard the professor recognized the scientists .	Did the president hear the professor ?	no
The tourist heard the actor encouraged the secretaries .	Did the tourist hear the actor ?	no
The tourist believed the judges danced .	Did the tourist believe the judges ?	no
The senator believed the secretaries encouraged the scientists .	Did the senator believe the secretaries ?	no
The judges believed the athletes mentioned the bankers .	Did the judges believe the athletes ?	no
The professors heard the artists contacted the judges .	Did the professors hear the artists ?	no
The professors heard the artists ran .	Did the professors hear the artists ?	no
The professors heard the artist performed .	Did the professors hear the artist ?	no
The scientist heard the senator arrived .	Did the scientist hear the senator ?	no
The lawyers heard the senator arrived .	Did the lawyers hear the senator ?	no
The tourist believed the students helped the manager .	Did the tourist believe the students ?	no
The secretaries believed the doctor arrived .	Did the secretaries believe the doctor ?	no
The athlete heard the scientist stopped the professor .	Did the athlete hear the scientist ?	no
The scientist knew the professors stopped the bankers .	Did the scientist know the professors ?	no
The presidents knew the managers stopped the scientists .	Did the presidents know the managers ?	no
The artist heard the scientists ran .	Did the artist hear the scientists ?	no
The doctors knew the senator avoided the professor .	Did the doctors know the senator ?	no
The secretaries believed the senators introduced the scientist .	Did the secretaries believe the senators ?	no
The judge knew the athlete arrived .	Did the judge know the athlete ?	no
The artists believed the president recommended the authors .	Did the artists believe the president ?	no
The secretaries knew the actors contacted the scientist .	Did the secretaries know the actors ?	no
The artists knew the secretary mentioned the students .	Did the artists know the secretary ?	no
The judge heard the lawyers helped the scientist .	Did the judge hear the lawyers ?	no
The lawyer believed the judge slept .	Did the lawyer believe the judge ?	no
The lawyer believed the senator mentioned the artists .	Did the lawyer believe the senator ?	no
The banker believed the scientists supported the author .	Did the banker believe the scientists ?	no
The banker heard the doctor recognized the student .	Did the banker hear the doctor ?	no
The scientist believed the manager stopped the professor .	Did the scientist believe the manager ?	no
The secretary knew the artist waited .	Did the secretary know the artist ?	no
The tourist heard the artists mentioned the presidents .	Did the tourist hear the artists ?	no
The authors knew the students mentioned the actor .	Did the authors know the students ?	no
The lawyers believed the actor avoided the authors .	Did the lawyers believe the actor ?	no
The tourists heard the student contacted the professor .	Did the tourists hear the student ?	no
The students heard the scientist shouted .	Did the students hear the scientist ?	no
The athletes believed the judges waited .	Did the athletes believe the judges ?	no
The professors heard the secretary stopped the tourists .	Did the professors hear the secretary ?	no
The judges heard the doctors admired the tourist .	Did the judges hear the doctors ?	no
The secretary knew the banker admired the doctor .	Did the secretary know the banker ?	no
The actors knew the student recognized the manager .	Did the actors know the student ?	no
The author knew the managers saw the senator .	Did the author know the managers ?	no
The senators heard the doctor shouted .	Did the senators hear the doctor ?	no
The tourists heard the actor recognized the judge .	Did the tourists hear the actor ?	no
The doctors heard the scientist contacted the professor .	Did the doctors hear the scientist ?	no
The presidents knew the tourists admired the athletes .	Did the presidents know the tourists ?	no
The scientists knew the student encouraged the actor .	Did the scientists know the student ?	no
The manager believed the professor ran .	Did the manager believe the professor ?	no
The tourist knew the senators recommended the scientists .	Did the tourist know the senators ?	no
The actors heard the doctors performed .	Did the actors hear the doctors ?	no
The senator knew the judges performed .	Did the senator know the judges ?	no
The managers heard the artists resigned .	Did the managers hear the artists ?	no
The banker heard the doctors recommended the secretaries .	Did the banker hear the doctors ?	no
The tourist believed the doctors ran .	Did the tourist believe the doctors ?	no
The senator believed the tourists waited .	Did the senator believe the tourists ?	no
The managers heard the senators advised the scientists .	Did the managers hear the senators ?	no
The actor heard the students called the tourists .	Did the actor hear the students ?	no
The professors believed the artist stopped the actor .	Did the professors believe the artist ?	no
The managers knew the banker admired the author .	Did the managers know the banker ?	no
The artists knew the doctor arrived .	Did the artists know the doctor ?	no
The tourist knew the judges performed .	Did the tourist know the judges ?	no
The athlete heard the president admired the tourist .	Did the athlete hear the president ?	no
The professors heard the tourists performed .	Did the professors hear the tourists ?	no
The scientists believed the student danced .	Did the scientists believe the student ?	no
The doctor heard the managers helped the senator .	Did the doctor hear the managers ?	no
The lawyer heard the author avoided the doctor .	Did the lawyer hear the author ?	no
The students knew the managers introduced the presidents .	Did the students know the managers ?	no
The judges knew the tourist advised the artists .	Did the judges know the tourist ?	no
The bankers knew the scientist advised the secretary .	Did the bankers know the scientist ?	no
The manager believed the bankers called the artist .	Did the manager believe the bankers ?	no
The banker believed the presidents mentioned the scientists .	Did the banker believe the presidents ?	no
The president believed the tourists admired the manager .	Did the president believe the tourists ?	no
The banker knew the senators ran .	Did the banker know the senators ?	no
The athletes knew the lawyers resigned .	Did the athletes know the lawyers ?	no
The tourists believed the judge slept .	Did the tourists believe the judge ?	no
The student believed the professor saw the scientist .	Did the student believe the professor ?	no
The actors heard the secretaries encouraged the professor .	Did the actors hear the secretaries ?	no
The tourist knew the managers helped the judge .	Did the tourist know the managers ?	no
The students believed the tourist ran .	Did the students believe the tourist ?	no
The judge heard the tourist recognized the artist .	Did the judge hear the tourist ?	no
The artists believed the lawyers waited .	Did the artists believe the lawyers ?	no
The senator believed the secretary shouted .	Did the senator believe the secretary ?	no
The tourists knew the senators mentioned the managers .	Did the tourists know the senators ?	no
The author believed the actors slept .	Did the author believe the actors ?	no
The doctor knew the athletes stopped the president .	Did the doctor know the athletes ?	no
The students knew the actor stopped the authors .	Did the students know the actor ?	no
The lawyer heard the students ran .	Did the lawyer hear the students ?	no
The authors believed the senator advised the secretary .	Did the authors believe the senator ?	no
The doctor heard the secretary admired the athlete .	Did the doctor hear the secretary ?	no
The lawyer believed the manager ran .	Did the lawyer believe the manager ?	no
The lawyer knew the authors recognized the president .	Did the lawyer know the authors ?	no
The scientists believed the artists slept .	Did the scientists believe the artists ?	no
The artists believed the actors avoided the doctor .	Did the artists believe the actors ?	no
The lawyer knew the authors introduced the professors .	Did the lawyer know the authors ?	no
The judges heard the doctor waited .	Did the judges hear the doctor ?	no
The judge knew the tourist waited .	Did the judge know the tourist ?	no
The secretary knew the actor believed the lawyers .	Did the secretary know the actor ?	no
The doctors knew the managers thanked the athlete .	Did the doctors know the managers ?	no
The author knew the student waited .	Did the author know the student ?	no
The doctor believed the judges mentioned the actor .	Did the doctor believe the judges ?	no
The bankers heard the actors arrived .	Did the bankers hear the actors ?	no
The professor heard the president supported the actor .	Did the professor hear the president ?	no
The scientist heard the student supported the tourists .	Did the scientist hear the student ?	no
The athlete heard the professors avoided the secretaries .	Did the athlete hear the professors ?	no
The banker knew the student called the doctors .	Did the banker know the student ?	no
The banker believed the senator avoided the artist .	Did the banker believe the senator ?	no
The professors believed the scientist supported the secretary .	Did the professors believe the scientist ?	no
The lawyer believed the authors mentioned the secretary .	Did the lawyer believe the authors ?	no
The president heard the actors slept .	Did the president hear the actors ?	no
The doctor knew the tourists waited .	Did the doctor know the tourists ?	no
The senator believed the artist waited .	Did the senator believe the artist ?	no
The authors knew the presidents helped the manager .	Did the authors know the presidents ?	no
The scientists heard the athletes recognized the judge .	Did the scientists hear the athletes ?	no
The scientist heard the senators shouted .	Did the scientist hear the senators ?	no
The manager knew the presidents contacted the artist .	Did the manager know the presidents ?	no
The tourist believed the artist waited .	Did the tourist believe the artist ?	no
The secretary believed the lawyer supported the scientist .	Did the secretary believe the lawyer ?	no
The secretaries believed the professors encouraged the student .	Did the secretaries believe the professors ?	no
The manager knew the doctor saw the actor .	Did the manager know the doctor ?	no
The athletes believed the student danced .	Did the athletes believe the student ?	no
The professors heard the author recognized the student .	Did the professors hear the author ?	no
The athlete believed the scientist recognized the banker .	Did the athlete believe the scientist ?	no
The artist heard the judges arrived .	Did the artist hear the judges ?	no
The students believed the artists contacted the manager .	Did the students believe the artists ?	no
The lawyers knew the student waited .	Did the lawyers know the student ?	no
The tourist believed the presidents mentioned the artists .	Did the tourist believe the presidents ?	no
The doctor heard the actors admired the lawyer .	Did the doctor hear the actors ?	no
The author knew the lawyers resigned .	Did the author know the lawyers ?	no
The judge knew the artist resigned .	Did the judge know the artist ?	no
The athletes heard the artists supported the judges .	Did the athletes hear the artists ?	no
The senator believed the scientists ran .	Did the senator believe the scientists ?	no
The presidents heard the scientist admired the tourist .	Did the presidents hear the scientist ?	no
The tourists believed the author arrived .	Did the tourists believe the author ?	no
The judges heard the scientist called the doctors .	Did the judges hear the scientist ?	no
The athlete believed the banker encouraged the professor .	Did the athlete believe the banker ?	no
The senator believed the banker saw the presidents .	Did the senator believe the banker ?	no
The author heard the scientist danced .	Did the author hear the scientist ?	no
The judges believed the secretary helped the author .	Did the judges believe the secretary ?	no
The president heard the doctor stopped the actor .	Did the president hear the doctor ?	no
The authors heard the senators believed the bankers .	Did the authors hear the senators ?	no
The athlete knew the tourists advised the senator .	Did the athlete know the tourists ?	no
The banker believed the lawyer stopped the actor .	Did the banker believe the lawyer ?	no
The bankers believed the managers recommended the doctors .	Did the bankers believe the managers ?	no
The tourists knew the students performed .	Did the tourists know the students ?	no
The tourists knew the senators mentioned the lawyer .	Did the tourists know the senators ?	no
The artist knew the tourists called the professor .	Did the artist know the tourists ?	no
The artists heard the author ran .	Did the artists hear the author ?	no
The student heard the judge ran .	Did the student hear the judge ?	no
The professor believed the athlete called the managers .	Did the professor believe the athlete ?	no
The authors heard the doctor shouted .	Did the authors hear the doctor ?	no
The managers knew the author performed .	Did the managers know the author ?	no
The bankers knew the tourists called the athletes .	Did the bankers know the tourists ?	no
The senators knew the judges ran .	Did the senators know the judges ?	no
The student believed the president admired the doctors .	Did the student believe the president ?	no
The tourists heard the professors resigned .	Did the tourists hear the professors ?	no
The judge believed the bankers recommended the scientist .	Did the judge believe the bankers ?	no
The bankers knew the judges danced .	Did the bankers know the judges ?	no
The authors knew the president helped the judges .	Did the authors know the president ?	no
The students heard the managers supported the professors .	Did the students hear the managers ?	no
The president heard the lawyers performed .	Did the president hear the lawyers ?	no
The president believed the tourist avoided the artists .	Did the president believe the tourist ?	no
The judges knew the artists stopped the lawyer .	Did the judges know the artists ?	no
The senators heard the tourist supported the doctor .	Did the senators hear the tourist ?	no
The actors believed the senators stopped the tourist .	Did the actors believe the senators ?	no
The senators heard the artists recognized the professors .	Did the senators hear the artists ?	no
The athletes heard the senator admired the lawyers .	Did the athletes hear the senator ?	no
The president believed the lawyers waited .	Did the president believe the lawyers ?	no
The lawyers knew the students stopped the doctors .	Did the lawyers know the students ?	no
The students knew the doctors waited .	Did the students know the doctors ?	no
The athletes knew the professor ran .	Did the athletes know the professor ?	no
The president heard the senators contacted the judge .	Did the president hear the senators ?	no
The doctor knew the judges ran .	Did the doctor know the judges ?	no
The bankers believed the tourists called the manager .	Did the bankers believe the tourists ?	no
The student heard the authors danced .	Did the student hear the authors ?	no
The doctors heard the manager advised the artists .	Did the doctors hear the manager ?	no
The bankers heard the scientists avoided the professor .	Did the bankers hear the scientists ?	no
The presidents heard the professor recommended the lawyer .	Did the presidents hear the professor ?	no
The banker knew the secretary resigned .	Did the banker know the secretary ?	no
The athletes believed the lawyers stopped the managers .	Did the athletes believe the lawyers ?	no
The secretaries believed the lawyer ran .	Did the secretaries believe the lawyer ?	no
The bankers believed the doctors performed .	Did the bankers believe the doctors ?	no
The tourists believed the artist avoided the secretaries .	Did the tourists believe the artist ?	no
The tourist heard the senator performed .	Did the tourist hear the senator ?	no
The artist believed the doctor saw the secretaries .	Did the artist believe the doctor ?	no
The lawyers believed the scientist arrived .	Did the lawyers believe the scientist ?	no
The tourist knew the secretary resigned .	Did the tourist know the secretary ?	no
The bankers heard the actor slept .	Did the bankers hear the actor ?	no
The judge believed the scientists supported the tourist .	Did the judge believe the scientists ?	no
The banker believed the secretary helped the presidents .	Did the banker believe the secretary ?	no
The student believed the athlete recommended the lawyer .	Did the student believe the athlete ?	no
The professors believed the senators recognized the judges .	Did the professors believe the senators ?	no
The president believed the artist arrived .	Did the president believe the artist ?	no
The student heard the athlete advised the doctor .	Did the student hear the athlete ?	no
The actor believed the artist shouted .	Did the actor believe the artist ?	no
The secretary knew the students introduced the scientist .	Did the secretary know the students ?	no
The bankers believed the judge recommended the manager .	Did the bankers believe the judge ?	no
The president knew the doctors shouted .	Did the president know the doctors ?	no
The authors heard the secretaries saw the actors .	Did the authors hear the secretaries ?	no
The managers believed the students shouted .	Did the managers believe the students ?	no
The bankers heard the manager danced .	Did the bankers hear the manager ?	no
The actor heard the doctors waited .	Did the actor hear the doctors ?	no
The judge knew the scientist arrived .	Did the judge know the scientist ?	no
The actor knew the author ran .	Did the actor know the author ?	no
The student knew the managers advised the professor .	Did the student know the managers ?	no
The author heard the banker introduced the athlete .	Did the author hear the banker ?	no
The secretary believed the bankers thanked the tourist .	Did the secretary believe the bankers ?	no
The author knew the scientists resigned .	Did the author know the scientists ?	no
The president heard the lawyers recognized the scientist .	Did the president hear the lawyers ?	no
The lawyer believed the professor stopped the judges .	Did the lawyer believe the professor ?	no
The tourists knew the actor called the professor .	Did the tourists know the actor ?	no
The authors heard the student stopped the actors .	Did the authors hear the student ?	no
The secretary heard the scientist encouraged the tourist .	Did the secretary hear the scientist ?	no
The manager heard the student supported the senator .	Did the manager hear the student ?	no
The secretary believed the manager saw the scientist .	Did the secretary believe the manager ?	no
The lawyer knew the author performed .	Did the lawyer know the author ?	no
The authors heard the athletes recognized the presidents .	Did the authors hear the athletes ?	no
The lawyer knew the doctor advised the professor .	Did the lawyer know the doctor ?	no
The presidents knew the doctor recognized the tourist .	Did the presidents know the doctor ?	no
The scientist knew the author mentioned the student .	Did the scientist know the author ?	no
The professors heard the banker thanked the tourist .	Did the professors hear the banker ?	no
The managers knew the judges admired the tourist .	Did the managers know the judges ?	no
The secretaries heard the senators recommended the actor .	Did the secretaries hear the senators ?	no
The president knew the tourists ran .	Did the president know the tourists ?	no
The judges heard the secretaries admired the bankers .	Did the judges hear the secretaries ?	no
The presidents heard the banker stopped the scientist .	Did the presidents hear the banker ?	no
The scientists heard the students contacted the professor .	Did the scientists hear the students ?	no
The manager believed the secretaries waited .	Did the manager believe the secretaries ?	no
The judges knew the professors shouted .	Did the judges know the professors ?	no
The professor heard the artists ran .	Did the professor hear the artists ?	no
The athletes heard the tourist arrived .	Did the athletes hear the tourist ?	no
The senator knew the scientists arrived .	Did the senator know the scientists ?	no
The secretaries believed the tourists waited .	Did the secretaries believe the tourists ?	no
The professors heard the tourist contacted the secretary .	Did the professors hear the tourist ?	no
The senators knew the secretary called the doctors .	Did the senators know the secretary ?	no
The doctor believed the president admired the professors .	Did the doctor believe the president ?	no
The professors knew the athlete arrived .	Did the professors know the athlete ?	no
The managers heard the scientists advised the secretary .	Did the managers hear the scientists ?	no
The students knew the actor avoided the doctors .	Did the students know the actor ?	no
The doctors heard the athletes waited .	Did the doctors hear the athletes ?	no
The artist knew the judges shouted .	Did the artist know the judges ?	no
The author heard the doctors admired the secretaries .	Did the author hear the doctors ?	no
The secretary believed the actors resigned .	Did the secretary believe the actors ?	no
The bankers believed the president slept .	Did the bankers believe the president ?	no
The actor heard the artist contacted the banker .	Did the actor hear the artist ?	no
The author heard the doctor resigned .	Did the author hear the doctor ?	no
The lawyer heard the doctors thanked the professor .	Did the lawyer hear the doctors ?	no
The bankers believed the author stopped the scientist .	Did the bankers believe the author ?	no
The doctor knew the judges waited .	Did the doctor know the judges ?	no
The tourists knew the managers admired the doctors .	Did the tourists know the managers ?	no
The managers heard the artist performed .	Did the managers hear the artist ?	no
The scientists believed the presidents arrived .	Did the scientists believe the presidents ?	no
The authors knew the lawyer slept .	Did the authors know the lawyer ?	no
The tourist heard the artist believed the senators .	Did the tourist hear the artist ?	no
The tourists knew the secretary shouted .	Did the tourists know the secretary ?	no
The artist knew the actors thanked the athlete .	Did the artist know the actors ?	no
The manager heard the author shouted .	Did the manager hear the author ?	no
The scientists knew the athlete admired the doctors .	Did the scientists know the athlete ?	no
The artists knew the professors danced .	Did the artists know the professors ?	no
The authors believed the doctors helped the student .	Did the authors believe the doctors ?	no
The presidents believed the author performed .	Did the presidents believe the author ?	no
The judges heard the author saw the actors .	Did the judges hear the author ?	no
The students knew the doctor resigned .	Did the students know the doctor ?	no
The presidents knew the lawyers arrived .	Did the presidents know the lawyers ?	no
The students believed the artists called the actors .	Did the students believe the artists ?	no
The presidents knew the actors believed the artist .	Did the presidents know the actors ?	no
The bankers knew the president performed .	Did the bankers know the president ?	no
The athletes believed the managers performed .	Did the athletes believe the managers ?	no
The bankers knew the judges contacted the actor .	Did the bankers know the judges ?	no
The tourists knew the actor arrived .	Did the tourists know the actor ?	no
The senator believed the professors danced .	Did the senator believe the professors ?	no
The banker knew the authors saw the doctors .	Did the banker know the authors ?	no
The president knew the secretaries encouraged the professor .	Did the president know the secretaries ?	no
The students heard the athlete advised the banker .	Did the students hear the athlete ?	no
The judge heard the artists helped the managers .	Did the judge hear the artists ?	no
The lawyer knew the student mentioned the actor .	Did the lawyer know the student ?	no
The professors knew the doctors contacted the actor .	Did the professors know the doctors ?	no
The lawyer knew the actor encouraged the doctors .	Did the lawyer know the actor ?	no
The secretary heard the presidents admired the senator .	Did the secretary hear the presidents ?	no
The secretary believed the president performed .	Did the secretary believe the president ?	no
The artists heard the author encouraged the secretary .	Did the artists hear the author ?	no
The managers knew the senator thanked the judge .	Did the managers know the senator ?	no
The presidents heard the doctor waited .	Did the presidents hear the doctor ?	no
The secretaries heard the artists danced .	Did the secretaries hear the artists ?	no
The presidents knew the senators recognized the judges .	Did the presidents know the senators ?	no
The scientists knew the actors supported the artists .	Did the scientists know the actors ?	no
The president knew the professor recommended the actors .	Did the president know the professor ?	no
The professors believed the artists recognized the secretary .	Did the professors believe the artists ?	no
The athletes knew the banker resigned .	Did the athletes know the banker ?	no
The judge knew the doctors arrived .	Did the judge know the doctors ?	no
The actors heard the managers stopped the doctors .	Did the actors hear the managers ?	no
The banker believed the lawyers stopped the professor .	Did the banker believe the lawyers ?	no
The author knew the senators encouraged the president .	Did the author know the senators ?	no
The judge believed the artist recognized the athlete .	Did the judge believe the artist ?	no
The judge heard the doctor stopped the bankers .	Did the judge hear the doctor ?	no
The senators heard the authors admired the judges .	Did the senators hear the authors ?	no
The lawyers knew the president performed .	Did the lawyers know the president ?	no
The banker believed the student introduced the judge .	Did the banker believe the student ?	no
The managers believed the lawyer called the tourist .	Did the managers believe the lawyer ?	no
The actors heard the bankers resigned .	Did the actors hear the bankers ?	no
The banker knew the athlete ran .	Did the banker know the athlete ?	no
The doctors heard the students called the athlete .	Did the doctors hear the students ?	no
The president heard the managers performed .	Did the president hear the managers ?	no
The actor heard the tourist shouted .	Did the actor hear the tourist ?	no
The artist knew the banker waited .	Did the artist know the banker ?	no
The tourists knew the professors recommended the senator .	Did the tourists know the professors ?	no
The secretaries believed the scientist stopped the presidents .	Did the secretaries believe the scientist ?	no
The artists knew the banker avoided the athlete .	Did the artists know the banker ?	no
The student knew the bankers arrived .	Did the student know the bankers ?	no
The lawyer knew the manager mentioned the president .	Did the lawyer know the manager ?	no
The managers believed the lawyer encouraged the doctors .	Did the managers believe the lawyer ?	no
The authors knew the senators admired the doctors .	Did the authors know the senators ?	no
The president heard the senators advised the manager .	Did the president hear the senators ?	no
The presidents heard the senator advised the scientist .	Did the presidents hear the senator ?	no
The author believed the secretary admired the doctor .	Did the author believe the secretary ?	no
The presidents believed the athletes slept .	Did the presidents believe the athletes ?	no
The doctor knew the lawyer ran .	Did the doctor know the lawyer ?	no
The artists believed the managers contacted the president .	Did the artists believe the managers ?	no
The professors knew the artists danced .	Did the professors know the artists ?	no
The senator believed the tourist stopped the actors .	Did the senator believe the tourist ?	no
The tourists believed the artists called the bankers .	Did the tourists believe the artists ?	no
The senators knew the doctor saw the athlete .	Did the senators know the doctor ?	no
The secretary believed the presidents recommended the judges .	Did the secretary believe the presidents ?	no
The senators heard the athlete stopped the artists .	Did the senators hear the athlete ?	no
The lawyers knew the bankers saw the tourists .	Did the lawyers know the bankers ?	no
The judge believed the artist danced .	Did the judge believe the artist ?	no
The banker believed the lawyers recommended the professors .	Did the banker believe the lawyers ?	no
The president believed the athletes contacted the secretary .	Did the president believe the athletes ?	no
The secretaries heard the manager mentioned the bankers .	Did the secretaries hear the manager ?	no
The professors believed the bankers mentioned the secretary .	Did the professors believe the bankers ?	no
The artists believed the doctor waited .	Did the artists believe the doctor ?	no
The scientist believed the author recommended the president .	Did the scientist believe the author ?	no
The banker believed the scientist performed .	Did the banker believe the scientist ?	no
The senator heard the doctor ran .	Did the senator hear the doctor ?	no
The lawyer knew the authors introduced the president .	Did the lawyer know the authors ?	no
The tourists heard the managers recognized the student .	Did the tourists hear the managers ?	no
The scientist heard the athletes introduced the senator .	Did the scientist hear the athletes ?	no
The managers heard the author waited .	Did the managers hear the author ?	no
The actors heard the tourists resigned .	Did the actors hear the tourists ?	no
The doctors believed the professors encouraged the actor .	Did the doctors believe the professors ?	no
The tourist knew the athlete recognized the presidents .	Did the tourist know the athlete ?	no
The doctors knew the athlete slept .	Did the doctors know the athlete ?	no
The banker knew the artist contacted the manager .	Did the banker know the artist ?	no
The scientists believed the secretary mentioned the actors .	Did the scientists believe the secretary ?	no
The artists believed the secretaries supported the authors .	Did the artists believe the secretaries ?	no
The lawyer knew the author shouted .	Did the lawyer know the author ?	no
The athlete believed the lawyer helped the doctor .	Did the athlete believe the lawyer ?	no
The tourists heard the scientists recognized the secretaries .	Did the tourists hear the scientists ?	no
The bankers knew the doctors supported the tourists .	Did the bankers know the doctors ?	no
The presidents knew the judges supported the actors .	Did the presidents know the judges ?	no
The lawyer knew the scientists shouted .	Did the lawyer know the scientists ?	no
The authors heard the scientist supported the doctors .	Did the authors hear the scientist ?	no
The professor believed the secretaries advised the doctors .	Did the professor believe the secretaries ?	no
The secretaries heard the doctors believed the athlete .	Did the secretaries hear the doctors ?	no
The artists believed the authors performed .	Did the artists believe the authors ?	no
The bankers believed the artist contacted the secretaries .	Did the bankers believe the artist ?	no
The tourist believed the artist thanked the scientists .	Did the tourist believe the artist ?	no
The actor knew the banker stopped the scientists .	Did the actor know the banker ?	no
The judges believed the artist danced .	Did the judges believe the artist ?	no
The author knew the athletes shouted .	Did the author know the athletes ?	no
The president knew the actor believed the athlete .	Did the president know the actor ?	no
The lawyer knew the athletes stopped the senator .	Did the lawyer know the athletes ?	no
The bankers believed the actor saw the student .	Did the bankers believe the actor ?	no
The bankers heard the student recommended the lawyers .	Did the bankers hear the student ?	no
The lawyer knew the authors arrived .	Did the lawyer know the authors ?	no
The actors heard the tourists admired the scientist .	Did the actors hear the tourists ?	no
The lawyer heard the tourist called the judges .	Did the lawyer hear the tourist ?	no
The tourists believed the professor saw the students .	Did the tourists believe the professor ?	no
The scientists knew the lawyers ran .	Did the scientists know the lawyers ?	no
The lawyers heard the senators performed .	Did the lawyers hear the senators ?	no
The tourist knew the authors resigned .	Did the tourist know the authors ?	no
The artist believed the senator recognized the actors .	Did the artist believe the senator ?	no
The doctors believed the presidents recommended the banker .	Did the doctors believe the presidents ?	no
The senator knew the bankers slept .	Did the senator know the bankers ?	no
The professor heard the scientist believed the senator .	Did the professor hear the scientist ?	no
The presidents believed the bankers helped the author .	Did the presidents believe the bankers ?	no
The artists heard the secretary arrived .	Did the artists hear the secretary ?	no
The managers knew the tourists ran .	Did the managers know the tourists ?	no
The scientists heard the senator arrived .	Did the scientists hear the senator ?	no
The actor knew the senators danced .	Did the actor know the senators ?	no
The doctor heard the senator introduced the manager .	Did the doctor hear the senator ?	no
The judges knew the president arrived .	Did the judges know the president ?	no
The presidents believed the professors admired the actors .	Did the presidents believe the professors ?	no
The managers heard the secretary waited .	Did the managers hear the secretary ?	no
The scientist heard the author mentioned the student .	Did the scientist hear the author ?	no
The judge heard the athletes advised the scientists .	Did the judge hear the athletes ?	no
The professor believed the author shouted .	Did the professor believe the author ?	no
The athlete knew the presidents performed .	Did the athlete know the presidents ?	no
The presidents knew the bankers recognized the student .	Did the presidents know the bankers ?	no
The presidents heard the professor avoided the athlete .	Did the presidents hear the professor ?	no
The lawyers believed the judges called the scientists .	Did the lawyers believe the judges ?	no
The scientist knew the doctors slept .	Did the scientist know the doctors ?	no
The tourist heard the judge arrived .	Did the tourist hear the judge ?	no
The presidents knew the professor recommended the authors .	Did the presidents know the professor ?	no
The judge believed the secretaries arrived .	Did the judge believe the secretaries ?	no
The authors knew the artists stopped the actor .	Did the authors know the artists ?	no
The actors believed the banker called the author .	Did the actors believe the banker ?	no
The lawyer heard the professors performed .	Did the lawyer hear the professors ?	no
The students knew the athletes slept .	Did the students know the athletes ?	no
The scientists believed the athletes danced .	Did the scientists believe the athletes ?	no
The athletes believed the actor stopped the students .	Did the athletes believe the actor ?	no
The managers knew the lawyers introduced the banker .	Did the managers know the lawyers ?	no
The students believed the tourists admired the managers .	Did the students believe the tourists ?	no
The author knew the scientists mentioned the artist .	Did the author know the scientists ?	no
The artists knew the student contacted the actor .	Did the artists know the student ?	no
The athlete knew the lawyers advised the senators .	Did the athlete know the lawyers ?	no
The senators believed the managers contacted the artists .	Did the senators believe the managers ?	no
The secretary knew the lawyers resigned .	Did the secretary know the lawyers ?	no
The scientist knew the lawyers ran .	Did the scientist know the lawyers ?	no
The doctors knew the banker avoided the judge .	Did the doctors know the banker ?	no
The lawyer knew the actors encouraged the president .	Did the lawyer know the actors ?	no
The scientists heard the managers slept .	Did the scientists hear the managers ?	no
The students heard the lawyer stopped the artists .	Did the students hear the lawyer ?	no
The lawyer heard the senator saw the president .	Did the lawyer hear the senator ?	no
The bankers believed the president encouraged the actor .	Did the bankers believe the president ?	no
The judges knew the actors recommended the secretary .	Did the judges know the actors ?	no
The secretaries knew the managers believed the professors .	Did the secretaries know the managers ?	no
The author heard the manager contacted the actors .	Did the author hear the manager ?	no
The student knew the actor recognized the professor .	Did the student know the actor ?	no
The athlete knew the judges stopped the lawyer .	Did the athlete know the judges ?	no
The actor heard the scientists arrived .	Did the actor hear the scientists ?	no
The presidents heard the author saw the artist .	Did the presidents hear the author ?	no
The doctor heard the managers saw the actors .	Did the doctor hear the managers ?	no
The secretaries heard the student supported the lawyers .	Did the secretaries hear the student ?	no
The author knew the banker recognized the students .	Did the author know the banker ?	no
The artists knew the authors shouted .	Did the artists know the authors ?	no
The students knew the senator ran .	Did the students know the senator ?	no
The secretary believed the professors advised the presidents .	Did the secretary believe the professors ?	no
The artists heard the students encouraged the president .	Did the artists hear the students ?	no
The tourists believed the professor recommended the doctor .	Did the tourists believe the professor ?	no
The banker believed the senator thanked the scientists .	Did the banker believe the senator ?	no
The senator heard the professor stopped the bankers .	Did the senator hear the professor ?	no
The secretaries knew the scientist recognized the author .	Did the secretaries know the scientist ?	no
The president believed the professor danced .	Did the president believe the professor ?	no
The tourists heard the artist resigned .	Did the tourists hear the artist ?	no
The senators heard the tourist ran .	Did the senators hear the tourist ?	no
The secretaries believed the banker resigned .	Did the secretaries believe the banker ?	no
The secretaries heard the doctors encouraged the judge .	Did the secretaries hear the doctors ?	no
The professors believed the managers contacted the student .	Did the professors believe the managers ?	no
The secretaries knew the artists contacted the authors .	Did the secretaries know the artists ?	no
The bankers knew the scientists advised the judge .	Did the bankers know the scientists ?	no
The tourist knew the lawyers recommended the senators .	Did the tourist know the lawyers ?	no
The president heard the artists saw the judge .	Did the president hear the artists ?	no
The senators believed the scientists stopped the authors .	Did the senators believe the scientists ?	no
The student knew the doctor believed the professors .	Did the student know the doctor ?	no
The doctor heard the athletes thanked the secretaries .	Did the doctor hear the athletes ?	no
The judges knew the author called the athlete .	Did the judges know the author ?	no
The secretaries believed the authors mentioned the president .	Did the secretaries believe the authors ?	no
The senator believed the actors waited .	Did the senator believe the actors ?	no
The scientists knew the author saw the doctor .	Did the scientists know the author ?	no
The athletes knew the senator mentioned the student .	Did the athletes know the senator ?	no
The secretaries knew the actor ran .	Did the secretaries know the actor ?	no
The scientist knew the senators contacted the artists .	Did the scientist know the senators ?	no
The doctors knew the judge resigned .	Did the doctors know the judge ?	no
The judges believed the senator shouted .	Did the judges believe the senator ?	no
The managers heard the athletes called the president .	Did the managers hear the athletes ?	no
The lawyers knew the manager ran .	Did the lawyers know the manager ?	no
The president believed the student recognized the authors .	Did the president believe the student ?	no
The manager believed the actor admired the judge .	Did the manager believe the actor ?	no
The doctor heard the tourist stopped the student .	Did the doctor hear the tourist ?	no
The lawyer heard the senator shouted .	Did the lawyer hear the senator ?	no
The doctors believed the lawyers ran .	Did the doctors believe the lawyers ?	no
The actors knew the bankers called the managers .	Did the actors know the bankers ?	no
The managers believed the athlete danced .	Did the managers believe the athlete ?	no
The presidents knew the lawyers encouraged the author .	Did the presidents know the lawyers ?	no
The artists heard the banker called the author .	Did the artists hear the banker ?	no
The athletes heard the senator supported the managers .	Did the athletes hear the senator ?	no
The actors knew the professors ran .	Did the actors know the professors ?	no
The scientist believed the senators slept .	Did the scientist believe the senators ?	no
The author heard the scientists recommended the senator .	Did the author hear the scientists ?	no
The doctors knew the tourist performed .	Did the doctors know the tourist ?	no
The managers believed the lawyers recommended the scientists .	Did the managers believe the lawyers ?	no
The scientist knew the judge stopped the manager .	Did the scientist know the judge ?	no
The judge heard the lawyer believed the professor .	Did the judge hear the lawyer ?	no
The doctors believed the secretaries danced .	Did the doctors believe the secretaries ?	no
The lawyers heard the athletes slept .	Did the lawyers hear the athletes ?	no
The athletes believed the actor waited .	Did the athletes believe the actor ?	no
The scientists believed the secretaries slept .	Did the scientists believe the secretaries ?	no
The tourists believed the athlete mentioned the artist .	Did the tourists believe the athlete ?	no
The actors heard the tourist believed the judges .	Did the actors hear the tourist ?	no
The managers knew the tourist mentioned the senators .	Did the managers know the tourist ?	no
The scientist knew the actors helped the banker .	Did the scientist know the actors ?	no
The manager knew the bankers thanked the scientists .	Did the manager know the bankers ?	no
The judges knew the professor supported the banker .	Did the judges know the professor ?	no
The lawyer knew the athletes advised the senator .	Did the lawyer know the athletes ?	no
The secretaries knew the bankers admired the artists .	Did the secretaries know the bankers ?	no
The lawyer heard the students called the tourist .	Did the lawyer hear the students ?	no
The lawyer heard the tourists called the banker .	Did the lawyer hear the tourists ?	no
The scientist heard the actor mentioned the author .	Did the scientist hear the actor ?	no
The senators knew the president saw the authors .	Did the senators know the president ?	no
The professors heard the scientist admired the students .	Did the professors hear the scientist ?	no
The athlete believed the authors waited .	Did the athlete believe the authors ?	no
The tourist knew the doctors thanked the bankers .	Did the tourist know the doctors ?	no
The senator knew the professors believed the banker .	Did the senator know the professors ?	no
The tourists knew the judges called the president .	Did the tourists know the judges ?	no
The tourist believed the secretary resigned .	Did the tourist believe the secretary ?	no
The scientist believed the tourist contacted the secretaries .	Did the scientist believe the tourist ?	no
The actor heard the judge performed .	Did the actor hear the judge ?	no
The doctors heard the scientist contacted the secretary .	Did the doctors hear the scientist ?	no
The actors believed the president contacted the senators .	Did the actors believe the president ?	no
The lawyers heard the athletes called the actor .	Did the lawyers hear the athletes ?	no
The judges knew the doctors helped the professor .	Did the judges know the doctors ?	no
The actors heard the author encouraged the managers .	Did the actors hear the author ?	no
The artist knew the doctor mentioned the secretary .	Did the artist know the doctor ?	no
The authors heard the professor ran .	Did the authors hear the professor ?	no
The doctor heard the student shouted .	Did the doctor hear the student ?	no
The authors heard the banker encouraged the managers .	Did the authors hear the banker ?	no
The managers knew the students avoided the tourists .	Did the managers know the students ?	no
The secretaries believed the professor resigned .	Did the secretaries believe the professor ?	no
The authors believed the students ran .	Did the authors believe the students ?	no
The president knew the authors called the athlete .	Did the president know the authors ?	no
The athletes heard the students recognized the lawyer .	Did the athletes hear the students ?	no
The scientists knew the artists saw the tourist .	Did the scientists know the artists ?	no
The tourist believed the athlete arrived .	Did the tourist believe the athlete ?	no
The president knew the bankers resigned .	Did the president know the bankers ?	no
The students knew the athletes shouted .	Did the students know the athletes ?	no
The student heard the bankers encouraged the secretary .	Did the student hear the bankers ?	no
The bankers knew the senators thanked the presidents .	Did the bankers know the senators ?	no
The artist knew the professor danced .	Did the artist know the professor ?	no
The tourist heard the professor shouted .	Did the tourist hear the professor ?	no
The author heard the student introduced the secretary .	Did the author hear the student ?	no
The secretaries knew the bankers thanked the managers .	Did the secretaries know the bankers ?	no
The artist knew the senators mentioned the secretary .	Did the artist know the senators ?	no
The banker believed the senator admired the artists .	Did the banker believe the senator ?	no
The judges believed the athletes performed .	Did the judges believe the athletes ?	no
The senator heard the athletes ran .	Did the senator hear the athletes ?	no
The artist heard the lawyer shouted .	Did the artist hear the lawyer ?	no
The student heard the athletes admired the manager .	Did the student hear the athletes ?	no
The professors knew the presidents resigned .	Did the professors know the presidents ?	no
The manager knew the athlete advised the author .	Did the manager know the athlete ?	no
The scientist knew the actor introduced the lawyers .	Did the scientist know the actor ?	no
The students knew the author danced .	Did the students know the author ?	no
The president knew the secretaries called the artist .	Did the president know the secretaries ?	no
The banker heard the tourist supported the judge .	Did the banker hear the tourist ?	no
The artists believed the author slept .	Did the artists believe the author ?	no
The presidents knew the banker arrived .	Did the presidents know the banker ?	no
The artists heard the banker slept .	Did the artists hear the banker ?	no
The banker heard the actor advised the tourists .	Did the banker hear the actor ?	no
The judge knew the professors ran .	Did the judge know the professors ?	no
The students heard the secretaries supported the judges .	Did the students hear the secretaries ?	no
The banker heard the managers avoided the judge .	Did the banker hear the managers ?	no
The presidents believed the athlete contacted the secretaries .	Did the presidents believe the athlete ?	no
The secretaries believed the student ran .	Did the secretaries believe the student ?	no
The manager believed the judge helped the scientists .	Did the manager believe the judge ?	no
The secretary heard the authors supported the doctor .	Did the secretary hear the authors ?	no
The athlete knew the banker mentioned the doctors .	Did the athlete know the banker ?	no
The athlete knew the scientist advised the doctors .	Did the athlete know the scientist ?	no
The tourists knew the banker admired the professors .	Did the tourists know the banker ?	no
The president knew the judge advised the secretary .	Did the president know the judge ?	no
The scientist knew the manager encouraged the actor .	Did the scientist know the manager ?	no
The manager believed the professors encouraged the bankers .	Did the manager believe the professors ?	no
The professor knew the bankers helped the scientists .	Did the professor know the bankers ?	no
The actors heard the president saw the bankers .	Did the actors hear the president ?	no
The manager heard the doctor stopped the tourists .	Did the manager hear the doctor ?	no
The manager heard the banker slept .	Did the manager hear the banker ?	no
The professor believed the tourist advised the secretaries .	Did the professor believe the tourist ?	no
The author heard the doctor called the senator .	Did the author hear the doctor ?	no
The athletes believed the students helped the tourist .	Did the athletes believe the students ?	no
The judge knew the senators shouted .	Did the judge know the senators ?	no
The scientists knew the athletes encouraged the professors .	Did the scientists know the athletes ?	no
The judges knew the professor introduced the students .	Did the judges know the professor ?	no
The senators knew the professor resigned .	Did the senators know the professor ?	no
The students believed the scientist recommended the tourists .	Did the students believe the scientist ?	no
The judges believed the senator saw the scientists .	Did the judges believe the senator ?	no
The doctor knew the actors performed .	Did the doctor know the actors ?	no
The scientists believed the lawyer called the secretaries .	Did the scientists believe the lawyer ?	no
The athlete heard the lawyer stopped the banker .	Did the athlete hear the lawyer ?	no
The artist believed the actors performed .	Did the artist believe the actors ?	no
The presidents knew the tourists danced .	Did the presidents know the tourists ?	no
The athlete believed the students stopped the judge .	Did the athlete believe the students ?	no
The tourist heard the artists advised the president .	Did the tourist hear the artists ?	no
The professor heard the senators thanked the athlete .	Did the professor hear the senators ?	no
The judge heard the actors performed .	Did the judge hear the actors ?	no
The banker heard the doctors waited .	Did the banker hear the doctors ?	no
The scientists knew the athletes believed the professor .	Did the scientists know the athletes ?	no
The artists knew the bankers performed .	Did the artists know the bankers ?	no
The actors heard the manager supported the secretary .	Did the actors hear the manager ?	no
The president knew the doctor introduced the student .	Did the president know the doctor ?	no
The scientist heard the lawyer contacted the students .	Did the scientist hear the lawyer ?	no
The scientists knew the lawyer ran .	Did the scientists know the lawyer ?	no
The authors believed the scientists recognized the banker .	Did the authors believe the scientists ?	no
The artists believed the manager ran .	Did the artists believe the manager ?	no
The senator believed the judges avoided the managers .	Did the senator believe the judges ?	no
The senator believed the judge advised the tourist .	Did the senator believe the judge ?	no
The manager believed the authors admired the students .	Did the manager believe the authors ?	no
The athletes knew the lawyers contacted the artist .	Did the athletes know the lawyers ?	no
The professors heard the athletes danced .	Did the professors hear the athletes ?	no
The authors heard the senator thanked the athlete .	Did the authors hear the senator ?	no
The banker knew the secretaries advised the scientists .	Did the banker know the secretaries ?	no
The actor heard the artist waited .	Did the actor hear the artist ?	no
The judge knew the artists introduced the secretaries .	Did the judge know the artists ?	no
The secretaries knew the students recognized the professor .	Did the secretaries know the students ?	no
The artist knew the doctor avoided the secretaries .	Did the artist know the doctor ?	no
The actors heard the professors shouted .	Did the actors hear the professors ?	no
The student heard the professors helped the authors .	Did the student hear the professors ?	no
The scientists heard the artists ran .	Did the scientists hear the artists ?	no
The tourist heard the senator danced .	Did the tourist hear the senator ?	no
The athletes heard the scientist supported the actor .	Did the athletes hear the scientist ?	no
The banker knew the professor supported the athletes .	Did the banker know the professor ?	no
The manager knew the senator recognized the tourists .	Did the manager know the senator ?	no
The president heard the banker avoided the tourists .	Did the president hear the banker ?	no
The tourist believed the scientist slept .	Did the tourist believe the scientist ?	no
The secretaries heard the lawyers supported the presidents .	Did the secretaries hear the lawyers ?	no
The students knew the senator introduced the lawyer .	Did the students know the senator ?	no
The actor knew the lawyer resigned .	Did the actor know the lawyer ?	no
The athletes believed the scientists introduced the artist .	Did the athletes believe the scientists ?	no
The president knew the manager waited .	Did the president know the manager ?	no
The athletes heard the tourists introduced the actor .	Did the athletes hear the tourists ?	no
The doctors heard the lawyer stopped the scientist .	Did the doctors hear the lawyer ?	no
The student heard the lawyers ran .	Did the student hear the lawyers ?	no
The authors knew the managers thanked the tourists .	Did the authors know the managers ?	no
The tourists believed the doctors performed .	Did the tourists believe the doctors ?	no
The lawyer heard the athlete shouted .	Did the lawyer hear the athlete ?	no
The professors believed the manager mentioned the athlete .	Did the professors believe the manager ?	no
The secretary believed the actor mentioned the authors .	Did the secretary believe the actor ?	no
The actor heard the senator called the lawyers .	Did the actor hear the senator ?	no
The senator believed the artist helped the tourists .	Did the senator believe the artist ?	no
The scientists heard the artists arrived .	Did the scientists hear the artists ?	no
The artists knew the senators recommended the student .	Did the artists know the senators ?	no
The secretaries knew the authors introduced the scientists .	Did the secretaries know the authors ?	no
The lawyer believed the doctors arrived .	Did the lawyer believe the doctors ?	no
The doctors knew the secretary contacted the banker .	Did the doctors know the secretary ?	no
The tourist knew the authors saw the doctor .	Did the tourist know the authors ?	no
The senators heard the professor mentioned the students .	Did the senators hear the professor ?	no
The athlete knew the artist introduced the secretary .	Did the athlete know the artist ?	no
The manager believed the athlete performed .	Did the manager believe the athlete ?	no
The actors knew the artist saw the tourists .	Did the actors know the artist ?	no
The lawyer knew the judges encouraged the scientist .	Did the lawyer know the judges ?	no
The authors knew the judges resigned .	Did the authors know the judges ?	no
The student believed the athlete slept .	Did the student believe the athlete ?	no
The doctor believed the managers supported the artist .	Did the doctor believe the managers ?	no
The judge heard the artist stopped the doctor .	Did the judge hear the artist ?	no
The students knew the tourist saw the scientist .	Did the students know the tourist ?	no
The scientists heard the author believed the professors .	Did the scientists hear the author ?	no
The artists believed the scientists helped the author .	Did the artists believe the scientists ?	no
The lawyer knew the president believed the manager .	Did the lawyer know the president ?	no
The students heard the tourists avoided the professors .	Did the students hear the tourists ?	no
The doctors believed the secretary stopped the author .	Did the doctors believe the secretary ?	no
The lawyer heard the scientists shouted .	Did the lawyer hear the scientists ?	no
The senator knew the doctors contacted the secretaries .	Did the senator know the doctors ?	no
The manager heard the actor introduced the judges .	Did the manager hear the actor ?	no
The manager believed the author slept .	Did the manager believe the author ?	no
The bankers believed the student recommended the secretary .	Did the bankers believe the student ?	no
The authors heard the senators helped the manager .	Did the authors hear the senators ?	no
The athletes heard the managers contacted the presidents .	Did the athletes hear the managers ?	no
The senator knew the secretary danced .	Did the senator know the secretary ?	no
The artist knew the authors resigned .	Did the artist know the authors ?	no
The students heard the judges believed the secretaries .	Did the students hear the judges ?	no
The president knew the athlete contacted the secretary .	Did the president know the athlete ?	no
The doctors knew the authors ran .	Did the doctors know the authors ?	no
The secretaries believed the student danced .	Did the secretaries believe the student ?	no
The artists knew the presidents avoided the lawyer .	Did the artists know the presidents ?	no
The doctor believed the judge advised the senator .	Did the doctor believe the judge ?	no
The manager knew the authors slept .	Did the manager know the authors ?	no
The actor knew the senators arrived .	Did the actor know the senators ?	no
The managers knew the doctor ran .	Did the managers know the doctor ?	no
The students believed the president contacted the actor .	Did the students believe the president ?	no
The scientist knew the president introduced the artist .	Did the scientist know the president ?	no
The professor believed the actors thanked the senator .	Did the professor believe the actors ?	no
The scientist believed the professor recognized the doctor .	Did the scientist believe the professor ?	no
The judge knew the scientists slept .	Did the judge know the scientists ?	no
The doctors knew the senator saw the athlete .	Did the doctors know the senator ?	no
The students believed the secretaries performed .	Did the students believe the secretaries ?	no
The judge knew the banker supported the lawyer .	Did the judge know the banker ?	no
The managers heard the presidents slept .	Did the managers hear the presidents ?	no
The tourist believed the lawyers recommended the judge .	Did the tourist believe the lawyers ?	no
The doctors knew the bankers shouted .	Did the doctors know the bankers ?	no
The artists knew the managers thanked the banker .	Did the artists know the managers ?	no
The student knew the author contacted the judge .	Did the student know the author ?	no
The secretary knew the actor recognized the manager .	Did the secretary know the actor ?	no
The managers knew the tourists arrived .	Did the managers know the tourists ?	no
The president knew the senators advised the doctor .	Did the president know the senators ?	no
The bankers heard the authors avoided the managers .	Did the bankers hear the authors ?	no
The students knew the judges believed the doctor .	Did the students know the judges ?	no
The senator knew the doctor performed .	Did the senator know the doctor ?	no
The secretary heard the judges recognized the lawyer .	Did the secretary hear the judges ?	no
The actors heard the secretaries danced .	Did the actors hear the secretaries ?	no
The artists believed the presidents saw the secretary .	Did the artists believe the presidents ?	no
The tourist heard the student shouted .	Did the tourist hear the student ?	no
The athletes believed the author contacted the tourists .	Did the athletes believe the author ?	no
The presidents heard the students stopped the managers .	Did the presidents hear the students ?	no
The senator believed the authors encouraged the scientist .	Did the senator believe the authors ?	no
The scientist knew the judge admired the author .	Did the scientist know the judge ?	no
The athlete heard the secretaries shouted .	Did the athlete hear the secretaries ?	no
The judge heard the authors called the senator .	Did the judge hear the authors ?	no
The lawyers knew the banker introduced the presidents .	Did the lawyers know the banker ?	no
The professors believed the student thanked the doctors .	Did the professors believe the student ?	no
The president believed the senator performed .	Did the president believe the senator ?	no
The lawyer believed the tourists introduced the scientist .	Did the lawyer believe the tourists ?	no
The tourist heard the student ran .	Did the tourist hear the student ?	no
The doctor knew the author waited .	Did the doctor know the author ?	no
The scientists believed the judges admired the actors .	Did the scientists believe the judges ?	no
The doctor believed the artists encouraged the professor .	Did the doctor believe the artists ?	no
The scientist knew the tourists thanked the athletes .	Did the scientist know the tourists ?	no
The presidents knew the secretary saw the senator .	Did the presidents know the secretary ?	no
The judges knew the bankers helped the authors .	Did the judges know the bankers ?	no
The president believed the bankers stopped the lawyer .	Did the president believe the bankers ?	no
The president heard the scientist helped the artist .	Did the president hear the scientist ?	no
The lawyer knew the authors ran .	Did the lawyer know the authors ?	no
The artists heard the authors admired the scientists .	Did the artists hear the authors ?	no
The athlete knew the student performed .	Did the athlete know the student ?	no
The artist knew the tourist encouraged the lawyers .	Did the artist know the tourist ?	no
The artist knew the scientist introduced the secretaries .	Did the artist know the scientist ?	no
The secretaries knew the actor shouted .	Did the secretaries know the actor ?	no
The students knew the athlete advised the tourist .	Did the students know the athlete ?	no
The artists heard the scientist slept .	Did the artists hear the scientist ?	no
The lawyer heard the presidents admired the judges .	Did the lawyer hear the presidents ?	no
The professors knew the artists arrived .	Did the professors know the artists ?	no
The lawyers heard the authors resigned .	Did the lawyers hear the authors ?	no
The senators knew the artists admired the author .	Did the senators know the artists ?	no
The artists heard the senator waited .	Did the artists hear the senator ?	no
The actors heard the banker stopped the athletes .	Did the actors hear the banker ?	no
The secretary heard the artists believed the scientist .	Did the secretary hear the artists ?	no
The senator believed the judges mentioned the president .	Did the senator believe the judges ?	no
The manager knew the artists recommended the doctor .	Did the manager know the artists ?	no
The manager heard the actor thanked the scientists .	Did the manager hear the actor ?	no
The bankers knew the tourists advised the professors .	Did the bankers know the tourists ?	no
The athletes believed the authors admired the professors .	Did the athletes believe the authors ?	no
The secretaries knew the tourists ran .	Did the secretaries know the tourists ?	no
The athlete heard the judges danced .	Did the athlete hear the judges ?	no
The tourist heard the judge recommended the president .	Did the tourist hear the judge ?	no
The tourist heard the doctors waited .	Did the tourist hear the doctors ?	no
The student believed the artist advised the tourist .	Did the student believe the artist ?	no
The authors believed the senators ran .	Did the authors believe the senators ?	no
The tourists believed the bankers shouted .	Did the tourists believe the bankers ?	no
The student knew the author recommended the manager .	Did the student know the author ?	no
The banker believed the artists recommended the scientist .	Did the banker believe the artists ?	no
The secretaries heard the student arrived .	Did the secretaries hear the student ?	no
The lawyers heard the senator stopped the student .	Did the lawyers hear the senator ?	no
The artist believed the professor admired the lawyer .	Did the artist believe the professor ?	no
The students heard the athletes performed .	Did the students hear the athletes ?	no
The artists believed the lawyers contacted the secretary .	Did the artists believe the lawyers ?	no
The secretaries believed the judge slept .	Did the secretaries believe the judge ?	no
The authors believed the secretaries mentioned the students .	Did the authors believe the secretaries ?	no
The bankers heard the athlete performed .	Did the bankers hear the athlete ?	no
The lawyer believed the bankers resigned .	Did the lawyer believe the bankers ?	no
The scientist believed the tourists performed .	Did the scientist believe the tourists ?	no
The presidents believed the lawyer advised the tourists .	Did the presidents believe the lawyer ?	no
The secretary heard the athletes recognized the author .	Did the secretary hear the athletes ?	no
The banker believed the tourists shouted .	Did the banker believe the tourists ?	no
The authors believed the lawyer ran .	Did the authors believe the lawyer ?	no
The professors knew the tourists waited .	Did the professors know the tourists ?	no
The actor heard the managers slept .	Did the actor hear the managers ?	no
The students believed the scientists saw the artists .	Did the students believe the scientists ?	no
The doctor knew the artist stopped the lawyers .	Did the doctor know the artist ?	no
The authors knew the artist recognized the professor .	Did the authors know the artist ?	no
The lawyers heard the presidents recognized the scientist .	Did the lawyers hear the presidents ?	no
The scientist believed the actor arrived .	Did the scientist believe the actor ?	no
The secretaries believed the bankers arrived .	Did the secretaries believe the bankers ?	no
The actors heard the scientists encouraged the senator .	Did the actors hear the scientists ?	no
The senator believed the judges arrived .	Did the senator believe the judges ?	no
The banker believed the judge avoided the senator .	Did the banker believe the judge ?	no
The athlete believed the authors arrived .	Did the athlete believe the authors ?	no
The judge heard the scientist ran .	Did the judge hear the scientist ?	no
The artist knew the senator recommended the judge .	Did the artist know the senator ?	no
The manager heard the tourists arrived .	Did the manager hear the tourists ?	no
The managers knew the senator danced .	Did the managers know the senator ?	no
The student knew the professors slept .	Did the student know the professors ?	no
The artists believed the senator ran .	Did the artists believe the senator ?	no
The author believed the doctor recommended the tourist .	Did the author believe the doctor ?	no
The professors heard the managers helped the students .	Did the professors hear the managers ?	no
The artists knew the bankers slept .	Did the artists know the bankers ?	no
The senator heard the scientists shouted .	Did the senator hear the scientists ?	no
The scientists believed the tourists ran .	Did the scientists believe the tourists ?	no
The doctors heard the athlete arrived .	Did the doctors hear the athlete ?	no
The professor believed the bankers called the students .	Did the professor believe the bankers ?	no
The artists knew the student resigned .	Did the artists know the student ?	no
The scientists heard the managers shouted .	Did the scientists hear the managers ?	no
The student heard the actor advised the authors .	Did the student hear the actor ?	no
The senators believed the athletes advised the presidents .	Did the senators believe the athletes ?	no
The professors heard the presidents recognized the scientist .	Did the professors hear the presidents ?	no
The secretary knew the authors helped the doctors .	Did the secretary know the authors ?	no
The managers heard the judge recommended the secretaries .	Did the managers hear the judge ?	no
The authors knew the actor called the tourist .	Did the authors know the actor ?	no
The scientists knew the athletes arrived .	Did the scientists know the athletes ?	no
The manager knew the student performed .	Did the manager know the student ?	no
The secretary heard the author slept .	Did the secretary hear the author ?	no
The artists knew the author recognized the athlete .	Did the artists know the author ?	no
The doctors knew the manager admired the lawyer .	Did the doctors know the manager ?	no
The senator believed the tourists recognized the professors .	Did the senator believe the tourists ?	no
The students believed the senators arrived .	Did the students believe the senators ?	no
The scientist believed the authors contacted the professor .	Did the scientist believe the authors ?	no
The artist believed the judge advised the manager .	Did the artist believe the judge ?	no
The scientist knew the author performed .	Did the scientist know the author ?	no
The artist knew the actors resigned .	Did the artist know the actors ?	no
The authors believed the actors shouted .	Did the authors believe the actors ?	no
The presidents knew the judge called the professors .	Did the presidents know the judge ?	no
The doctor heard the tourists believed the bankers .	Did the doctor hear the tourists ?	no
The students knew the tourists helped the secretaries .	Did the students know the tourists ?	no
The professors knew the managers arrived .	Did the professors know the managers ?	no
The senator heard the manager thanked the scientist .	Did the senator hear the manager ?	no
The senator knew the athletes introduced the lawyers .	Did the senator know the athletes ?	no
The senators knew the judges helped the author .	Did the senators know the judges ?	no
The lawyer knew the senators recommended the judges .	Did the lawyer know the senators ?	no
The judge knew the athlete stopped the scientist .	Did the judge know the athlete ?	no
The senator believed the president resigned .	Did the senator believe the president ?	no
The lawyer knew the athletes arrived .	Did the lawyer know the athletes ?	no
The bankers believed the author thanked the presidents .	Did the bankers believe the author ?	no
The authors believed the doctor shouted .	Did the authors believe the doctor ?	no
The artists knew the secretaries called the judge .	Did the artists know the secretaries ?	no
The artist heard the doctors mentioned the manager .	Did the artist hear the doctors ?	no
The banker heard the senator called the athletes .	Did the banker hear the senator ?	no
The judge heard the tourists waited .	Did the judge hear the tourists ?	no
The manager believed the banker shouted .	Did the manager believe the banker ?	no
The students heard the secretary shouted .	Did the students hear the secretary ?	no
The banker knew the managers introduced the actors .	Did the banker know the managers ?	no
The senators heard the doctors admired the student .	Did the senators hear the doctors ?	no
The actor knew the bankers stopped the scientists .	Did the actor know the bankers ?	no
The athletes knew the artist avoided the actor .	Did the athletes know the artist ?	no
The athletes heard the tourists danced .	Did the athletes hear the tourists ?	no
The lawyers believed the banker slept .	Did the lawyers believe the banker ?	no
The senator knew the managers resigned .	Did the senator know the managers ?	no
The president heard the professor resigned .	Did the president hear the professor ?	no
The tourists believed the scientists encouraged the athletes .	Did the tourists believe the scientists ?	no
The senator heard the banker introduced the author .	Did the senator hear the banker ?	no
The banker heard the judge encouraged the doctors .	Did the banker hear the judge ?	no
The managers heard the presidents believed the scientists .	Did the managers hear the presidents ?	no
The professors knew the doctors supported the actors .	Did the professors know the doctors ?	no
The authors knew the lawyers saw the scientists .	Did the authors know the lawyers ?	no
The judges knew the bankers shouted .	Did the judges know the bankers ?	no
The authors believed the senators resigned .	Did the authors believe the senators ?	no
The judges believed the scientist encouraged the students .	Did the judges believe the scientist ?	no
The student knew the tourists waited .	Did the student know the tourists ?	no
The scientists believed the managers slept .	Did the scientists believe the managers ?	no
The bankers knew the president arrived .	Did the bankers know the president ?	no
The judge believed the bankers slept .	Did the judge believe the bankers ?	no
The lawyer knew the actors avoided the tourists .	Did the lawyer know the actors ?	no
The doctor heard the artist shouted .	Did the doctor hear the artist ?	no
The artist knew the judge performed .	Did the artist know the judge ?	no
The managers knew the professor ran .	Did the managers know the professor ?	no
The doctors heard the judge thanked the athletes .	Did the doctors hear the judge ?	no
The author knew the students supported the tourist .	Did the author know the students ?	no
The managers knew the lawyer saw the judge .	Did the managers know the lawyer ?	no
The banker believed the athletes performed .	Did the banker believe the athletes ?	no
The judge believed the secretary advised the students .	Did the judge believe the secretary ?	no
The artists heard the student introduced the senator .	Did the artists hear the student ?	no
The judge heard the managers avoided the athlete .	Did the judge hear the managers ?	no
The doctor believed the actor shouted .	Did the doctor believe the actor ?	no
The athletes knew the managers resigned .	Did the athletes know the managers ?	no
The athlete knew the bankers supported the authors .	Did the athlete know the bankers ?	no
The professors knew the author ran .	Did the professors know the author ?	no
The banker believed the professors helped the lawyers .	Did the banker believe the professors ?	no
The doctors knew the students admired the lawyer .	Did the doctors know the students ?	no
The senators knew the athletes contacted the judges .	Did the senators know the athletes ?	no
The artists believed the athletes supported the scientist .	Did the artists believe the athletes ?	no
The doctor heard the athlete believed the managers .	Did the doctor hear the athlete ?	no
The scientist heard the athletes advised the tourist .	Did the scientist hear the athletes ?	no
The lawyer knew the authors danced .	Did the lawyer know the authors ?	no
The doctor knew the president waited .	Did the doctor know the president ?	no
The scientists believed the students thanked the authors .	Did the scientists believe the students ?	no
The managers heard the athletes ran .	Did the managers hear the athletes ?	no
The authors knew the president recognized the tourist .	Did the authors know the president ?	no
The artist knew the lawyer called the judges .	Did the artist know the lawyer ?	no
The judge believed the scientists danced .	Did the judge believe the scientists ?	no
The doctor heard the tourists introduced the actors .	Did the doctor hear the tourists ?	no
The tourists believed the secretary recognized the managers .	Did the tourists believe the secretary ?	no
The secretaries knew the bankers recognized the senators .	Did the secretaries know the bankers ?	no
The bankers knew the senator resigned .	Did the bankers know the senator ?	no
The manager believed the athlete arrived .	Did the manager believe the athlete ?	no
The doctor heard the professors advised the scientist .	Did the doctor hear the professors ?	no
The tourist knew the actors advised the student .	Did the tourist know the actors ?	no
The artist knew the secretaries resigned .	Did the artist know the secretaries ?	no
The secretaries heard the senator waited .	Did the secretaries hear the senator ?	no
The scientist knew the judges waited .	Did the scientist know the judges ?	no
The president believed the athletes arrived .	Did the president believe the athletes ?	no
The scientist heard the manager ran .	Did the scientist hear the manager ?	no
The presidents knew the student admired the banker .	Did the presidents know the student ?	no
The actors believed the authors contacted the scientists .	Did the actors believe the authors ?	no
The athlete knew the lawyer admired the bankers .	Did the athlete know the lawyer ?	no
The doctors believed the author avoided the lawyers .	Did the doctors believe the author ?	no
The professor heard the tourist introduced the student .	Did the professor hear the tourist ?	no
The secretary knew the tourists resigned .	Did the secretary know the tourists ?	no
The banker heard the artist arrived .	Did the banker hear the artist ?	no
The students knew the actor recognized the professor .	Did the students know the actor ?	no
The judge believed the lawyers helped the banker .	Did the judge believe the lawyers ?	no
The banker knew the tourist supported the scientist .	Did the banker know the tourist ?	no
The lawyers believed the senators saw the manager .	Did the lawyers believe the senators ?	no
The artists knew the banker contacted the scientists .	Did the artists know the banker ?	no
The judges knew the athlete recognized the lawyer .	Did the judges know the athlete ?	no
The professor heard the artists waited .	Did the professor hear the artists ?	no
The presidents heard the bankers performed .	Did the presidents hear the bankers ?	no
The secretary heard the authors avoided the managers .	Did the secretary hear the authors ?	no
The athletes knew the professor recommended the secretary .	Did the athletes know the professor ?	no
The scientist knew the tourist admired the artists .	Did the scientist know the tourist ?	no
The secretary heard the professors admired the athletes .	Did the secretary hear the professors ?	no
The manager believed the senator avoided the professor .	Did the manager believe the senator ?	no
The lawyer knew the scientist helped the doctor .	Did the lawyer know the scientist ?	no
The actor heard the tourists ran .	Did the actor hear the tourists ?	no
The secretaries heard the author introduced the professor .	Did the secretaries hear the author ?	no
The professor knew the doctors slept .	Did the professor know the doctors ?	no
The lawyers heard the president introduced the judge .	Did the lawyers hear the president ?	no
The lawyer heard the president arrived .	Did the lawyer hear the president ?	no
The artist believed the doctors introduced the actor .	Did the artist believe the doctors ?	no
The managers knew the artists performed .	Did the managers know the artists ?	no
The doctors knew the judges admired the professors .	Did the doctors know the judges ?	no
The athlete heard the artist supported the judges .	Did the athlete hear the artist ?	no
The doctor believed the athletes performed .	Did the doctor believe the athletes ?	no
The secretaries knew the authors introduced the tourists .	Did the secretaries know the authors ?	no
The actor believed the scientist advised the tourist .	Did the actor believe the scientist ?	no
The actor knew the presidents arrived .	Did the actor know the presidents ?	no
The tourist believed the scientist recommended the artist .	Did the tourist believe the scientist ?	no
The lawyers believed the professors danced .	Did the lawyers believe the professors ?	no
The author believed the scientists stopped the tourists .	Did the author believe the scientists ?	no
The managers heard the professors thanked the author .	Did the managers hear the professors ?	no
The judges believed the tourists ran .	Did the judges believe the tourists ?	no
The actors heard the managers contacted the authors .	Did the actors hear the managers ?	no
The professor heard the scientists advised the actors .	Did the professor hear the scientists ?	no
The presidents heard the judges stopped the authors .	Did the presidents hear the judges ?	no
The secretaries heard the senators introduced the artist .	Did the secretaries hear the senators ?	no
The manager heard the actors ran .	Did the manager hear the actors ?	no
The actor heard the judges believed the secretary .	Did the actor hear the judges ?	no
The actor believed the president resigned .	Did the actor believe the president ?	no
The secretary believed the actor recommended the student .	Did the secretary believe the actor ?	no
The artists knew the bankers avoided the senators .	Did the artists know the bankers ?	no
The artists knew the professors ran .	Did the artists know the professors ?	no
The bankers believed the artist saw the author .	Did the bankers believe the artist ?	no
The doctors knew the authors mentioned the lawyer .	Did the doctors know the authors ?	no
The managers heard the bankers slept .	Did the managers hear the bankers ?	no
The artists knew the author admired the bankers .	Did the artists know the author ?	no
The artist believed the scientists slept .	Did the artist believe the scientists ?	no
The author heard the presidents recommended the secretary .	Did the author hear the presidents ?	no
The managers next to the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	no
The actors behind the doctors supported the authors .	Did the doctors support the authors ?	no
The judge by the professors shouted .	Did the professors shout ?	no
The managers near the scientist resigned .	Did the scientist resign ?	no
The judges next to the senator called the students .	Did the senator call the students ?	no
The president behind the student danced .	Did the student dance ?	no
The bankers next to the senator arrived .	Did the senator arrive ?	no
The scientists by the actor slept .	Did the actor sleep ?	no
The student next to the athlete waited .	Did the athlete wait ?	no
The actors next to the lawyer ran .	Did the lawyer run ?	no
The actors in front of the professors arrived .	Did the professors arrive ?	no
The doctors behind the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	no
The scientist near the tourists believed the senator .	Did the tourists believe the senator ?	no
The managers in front of the judges mentioned the senator .	Did the judges mention the senator ?	no
The authors in front of the senators contacted the artists .	Did the senators contact the artists ?	no
The managers behind the athlete believed the author .	Did the athlete believe the author ?	no
The president near the student danced .	Did the student dance ?	no
The lawyers in front of the artists arrived .	Did the artists arrive ?	no
The banker next to the artists shouted .	Did the artists shout ?	no
The student behind the athletes stopped the banker .	Did the athletes stop the banker ?	no
The managers next to the secretary recommended the artist .	Did the secretary recommend the artist ?	no
The athlete by the secretary mentioned the author .	Did the secretary mention the author ?	no
The student behind the judges introduced the tourist .	Did the judges introduce the tourist ?	no
The senator near the actors mentioned the judge .	Did the actors mention the judge ?	no
The senator in front of the judge mentioned the professors .	Did the judge mention the professors ?	no
The lawyers in front of the student encouraged the professor .	Did the student encourage the professor ?	no
The doctors next to the president called the professors .	Did the president call the professors ?	no
The banker in front of the doctor saw the secretaries .	Did the doctor see the secretaries ?	no
The athlete by the students supported the president .	Did the students support the president ?	no
The authors next to the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	no
The artist near the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	no
The bankers behind the president slept .	Did the president sleep ?	no
The author behind the tourist believed the students .	Did the tourist believe the students ?	no
The artists by the tourist arrived .	Did the tourist arrive ?	no
The actors in front of the student ran .	Did the student run ?	no
The president next to the tourists resigned .	Did the tourists resign ?	no
The president in front of the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	no
The manager next to the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	no
The tourists by the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	no
The students in front of the tourist encouraged the athletes .	Did the tourist encourage the athletes ?	no
The president next to the students introduced the doctors .	Did the students introduce the doctors ?	no
The president near the secretary admired the tourist .	Did the secretary admire the tourist ?	no
The artists next to the secretary encouraged the bankers .	Did the secretary encourage the bankers ?	no
The student behind the athlete thanked the doctors .	Did the athlete thank the doctors ?	no
The senators near the president avoided the tourists .	Did the president avoid the tourists ?	no
The lawyer behind the professor mentioned the managers .	Did the professor mention the managers ?	no
The doctors next to the managers stopped the president .	Did the managers stop the president ?	no
The secretaries next to the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	no
The lawyer next to the president saw the doctors .	Did the president see the doctors ?	no
The doctor near the professor advised the artist .	Did the professor advise the artist ?	no
The author next to the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	no
The professor near the scientists mentioned the bankers .	Did the scientists mention the bankers ?	no
The bankers near the student introduced the tourist .	Did the student introduce the tourist ?	no
The student in front of the presidents recognized the authors .	Did the presidents recognize the authors ?	no
The scientists behind the bankers helped the professor .	Did the bankers help the professor ?	no
The president near the senators recognized the actor .	Did the senators recognize the actor ?	no
The author near the presidents believed the tourist .	Did the presidents believe the tourist ?	no
The professors next to the senators admired the authors .	Did the senators admire the authors ?	no
The doctors next to the presidents resigned .	Did the presidents resign ?	no
The tourist by the professor danced .	Did the professor dance ?	no
The tourist next to the athletes advised the professor .	Did the athletes advise the professor ?	no
The student by the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	no
The professors by the managers believed the athletes .	Did the managers believe the athletes ?	no
The lawyers in front of the managers waited .	Did the managers wait ?	no
The artists near the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	no
The athlete in front of the author admired the professor .	Did the author admire the professor ?	no
The athletes by the senators ran .	Did the senators run ?	no
The lawyer by the actors contacted the president .	Did the actors contact the president ?	no
The authors by the judges encouraged the senator .	Did the judges encourage the senator ?	no
The athlete behind the authors slept .	Did the authors sleep ?	no
The lawyers behind the secretary stopped the senators .	Did the secretary stop the senators ?	no
The managers near the doctor advised the tourists .	Did the doctor advise the tourists ?	no
The doctor by the senator avoided the actors .	Did the senator avoid the actors ?	no
The managers next to the author resigned .	Did the author resign ?	no
The secretaries next to the managers contacted the lawyers .	Did the managers contact the lawyers ?	no
The managers behind the actor admired the lawyers .	Did the actor admire the lawyers ?	no
The professor next to the doctor saw the president .	Did the doctor see the president ?	no
The managers behind the bankers helped the artist .	Did the bankers help the artist ?	no
The lawyer next to the managers advised the artist .	Did the managers advise the artist ?	no
The artist behind the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	no
The authors behind the doctor resigned .	Did the doctor resign ?	no
The secretaries by the professors stopped the authors .	Did the professors stop the authors ?	no
The students behind the managers admired the judge .	Did the managers admire the judge ?	no
The athletes in front of the professor avoided the president .	Did the professor avoid the president ?	no
The secretaries behind the presidents helped the banker .	Did the presidents help the banker ?	no
The scientists next to the manager stopped the athletes .	Did the manager stop the athletes ?	no
The student in front of the scientists resigned .	Did the scientists resign ?	no
The tourists by the presidents thanked the scientist .	Did the presidents thank the scientist ?	no
The actors near the authors thanked the managers .	Did the authors thank the managers ?	no
The athletes next to the senator thanked the banker .	Did the senator thank the banker ?	no
The professors next to the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	no
The tourists behind the professors contacted the student .	Did the professors contact the student ?	no
The tourist in front of the banker thanked the athletes .	Did the banker thank the athletes ?	no
The senator in front of the scientist ran .	Did the scientist run ?	no
The student near the professors advised the secretary .	Did the professors advise the secretary ?	no
The presidents by the professor encouraged the judges .	Did the professor encourage the judges ?	no
The athletes near the authors helped the doctors .	Did the authors help the doctors ?	no
The secretary behind the senator mentioned the lawyer .	Did the senator mention the lawyer ?	no
The tourist near the actor avoided the senators .	Did the actor avoid the senators ?	no
The senators next to the author helped the scientists .	Did the author help the scientists ?	no
The banker by the doctor recommended the artists .	Did the doctor recommend the artists ?	no
The athletes by the manager believed the artists .	Did the manager believe the artists ?	no
The athletes behind the artist recognized the presidents .	Did the artist recognize the presidents ?	no
The scientist near the tourist advised the judges .	Did the tourist advise the judges ?	no
The professors near the judges encouraged the bankers .	Did the judges encourage the bankers ?	no
The banker behind the students shouted .	Did the students shout ?	no
The artists in front of the professors shouted .	Did the professors shout ?	no
The managers near the student admired the presidents .	Did the student admire the presidents ?	no
The actor near the presidents contacted the authors .	Did the presidents contact the authors ?	no
The judge next to the artists saw the banker .	Did the artists see the banker ?	no
The manager by the tourist admired the athletes .	Did the tourist admire the athletes ?	no
The manager behind the professor recommended the bankers .	Did the professor recommend the bankers ?	no
The presidents by the artists admired the judges .	Did the artists admire the judges ?	no
The scientist next to the athletes stopped the author .	Did the athletes stop the author ?	no
The scientist behind the students resigned .	Did the students resign ?	no
The presidents by the tourist helped the bankers .	Did the tourist help the bankers ?	no
The tourist by the secretaries avoided the scientist .	Did the secretaries avoid the scientist ?	no
The student by the author resigned .	Did the author resign ?	no
The scientists near the actors thanked the judges .	Did the actors thank the judges ?	no
The doctors in front of the senators called the lawyers .	Did the senators call the lawyers ?	no
The judges in front of the scientist stopped the secretary .	Did the scientist stop the secretary ?	no
The authors next to the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	no
The senator in front of the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	no
The professors in front of the scientist admired the doctors .	Did the scientist admire the doctors ?	no
The tourist near the bankers admired the professor .	Did the bankers admire the professor ?	no
The bankers in front of the scientists contacted the author .	Did the scientists contact the author ?	no
The managers by the senator introduced the tourists .	Did the senator introduce the tourists ?	no
The presidents in front of the tourist advised the secretaries .	Did the tourist advise the secretaries ?	no
The professor behind the doctors stopped the authors .	Did the doctors stop the authors ?	no
The students next to the tourist admired the artists .	Did the tourist admire the artists ?	no
The student by the secretary stopped the actor .	Did the secretary stop the actor ?	no
The tourist near the senators stopped the manager .	Did the senators stop the manager ?	no
The author in front of the banker admired the student .	Did the banker admire the student ?	no
The doctor near the presidents mentioned the tourist .	Did the presidents mention the tourist ?	no
The presidents near the actors contacted the banker .	Did the actors contact the banker ?	no
The managers behind the student believed the scientists .	Did the student believe the scientists ?	no
The students by the actors admired the athletes .	Did the actors admire the athletes ?	no
The professors near the doctor contacted the actors .	Did the doctor contact the actors ?	no
The managers in front of the student mentioned the authors .	Did the student mention the authors ?	no
The athlete in front of the senator admired the doctors .	Did the senator admire the doctors ?	no
The bankers next to the tourists called the artist .	Did the tourists call the artist ?	no
The doctor in front of the presidents supported the authors .	Did the presidents support the authors ?	no
The tourists in front of the student introduced the presidents .	Did the student introduce the presidents ?	no
The athletes in front of the actors believed the lawyer .	Did the actors believe the lawyer ?	no
The athletes in front of the scientists introduced the artist .	Did the scientists introduce the artist ?	no
The secretaries in front of the tourists admired the students .	Did the tourists admire the students ?	no
The secretaries by the judges helped the professors .	Did the judges help the professors ?	no
The doctor next to the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	no
The banker near the president performed .	Did the president perform ?	no
The judge next to the professor recognized the senators .	Did the professor recognize the senators ?	no
The doctor by the author avoided the presidents .	Did the author avoid the presidents ?	no
The manager by the scientist arrived .	Did the scientist arrive ?	no
The bankers in front of the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	no
The presidents by the authors stopped the senators .	Did the authors stop the senators ?	no
The athlete behind the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	no
The lawyers near the professors avoided the artist .	Did the professors avoid the artist ?	no
The author behind the manager saw the professor .	Did the manager see the professor ?	no
The senator behind the actor recommended the student .	Did the actor recommend the student ?	no
The athlete next to the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	no
The senator next to the actor ran .	Did the actor run ?	no
The actor in front of the scientist ran .	Did the scientist run ?	no
The student behind the managers avoided the secretaries .	Did the managers avoid the secretaries ?	no
The secretaries behind the author mentioned the lawyer .	Did the author mention the lawyer ?	no
The artist next to the professors saw the lawyers .	Did the professors see the lawyers ?	no
The senators next to the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	no
The artist by the scientist helped the athletes .	Did the scientist help the athletes ?	no
The authors behind the president mentioned the artists .	Did the president mention the artists ?	no
The artist in front of the athlete helped the manager .	Did the athlete help the manager ?	no
The authors next to the lawyers thanked the tourists .	Did the lawyers thank the tourists ?	no
The actors behind the author shouted .	Did the author shout ?	no
The doctors behind the managers thanked the banker .	Did the managers thank the banker ?	no
The senators next to the artist shouted .	Did the artist shout ?	no
The banker behind the lawyers admired the presidents .	Did the lawyers admire the presidents ?	no
The judges near the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	no
The author in front of the managers recognized the professor .	Did the managers recognize the professor ?	no
The students in front of the athletes contacted the banker .	Did the athletes contact the banker ?	no
The judge near the tourist avoided the president .	Did the tourist avoid the president ?	no
The doctor near the managers performed .	Did the managers perform ?	no
The athlete next to the president believed the students .	Did the president believe the students ?	no
The scientist in front of the manager supported the senators .	Did the manager support the senators ?	no
The bankers by the doctors recommended the tourist .	Did the doctors recommend the tourist ?	no
The president next to the professor helped the student .	Did the professor help the student ?	no
The scientists behind the manager admired the senator .	Did the manager admire the senator ?	no
The doctors by the scientist believed the athletes .	Did the scientist believe the athletes ?	no
The doctors in front of the managers supported the authors .	Did the managers support the authors ?	no
The senator next to the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	no
The tourists by the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	no
The lawyers by the managers encouraged the secretaries .	Did the managers encourage the secretaries ?	no
The judges by the lawyers thanked the student .	Did the lawyers thank the student ?	no
The authors in front of the bankers danced .	Did the bankers dance ?	no
The students next to the lawyer stopped the doctors .	Did the lawyer stop the doctors ?	no
The banker behind the senators advised the athlete .	Did the senators advise the athlete ?	no
The student next to the author introduced the professors .	Did the author introduce the professors ?	no
The doctor near the scientist believed the author .	Did the scientist believe the author ?	no
The banker next to the artists waited .	Did the artists wait ?	no
The judges near the bankers contacted the student .	Did the bankers contact the student ?	no
The banker next to the professors waited .	Did the professors wait ?	no
The doctor next to the managers helped the senators .	Did the managers help the senators ?	no
The judges next to the athletes performed .	Did the athletes perform ?	no
The banker near the secretary avoided the presidents .	Did the secretary avoid the presidents ?	no
The actor next to the secretaries thanked the presidents .	Did the secretaries thank the presidents ?	no
The student behind the president believed the authors .	Did the president believe the authors ?	no
The actors in front of the scientists arrived .	Did the scientists arrive ?	no
The judge in front of the presidents helped the banker .	Did the presidents help the banker ?	no
The president next to the students stopped the scientists .	Did the students stop the scientists ?	no
The manager behind the judge recognized the tourists .	Did the judge recognize the tourists ?	no
The managers next to the student stopped the scientist .	Did the student stop the scientist ?	no
The athletes by the senator encouraged the secretaries .	Did the senator encourage the secretaries ?	no
The students in front of the actors admired the lawyer .	Did the actors admire the lawyer ?	no
The athletes in front of the managers contacted the presidents .	Did the managers contact the presidents ?	no
The manager near the tourists introduced the professor .	Did the tourists introduce the professor ?	no
The artists next to the author performed .	Did the author perform ?	no
The scientist in front of the artist stopped the banker .	Did the artist stop the banker ?	no
The doctor next to the scientists shouted .	Did the scientists shout ?	no
The tourist in front of the students encouraged the scientists .	Did the students encourage the scientists ?	no
The artist in front of the authors believed the doctor .	Did the authors believe the doctor ?	no
The doctors near the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	no
The tourists by the senators avoided the lawyer .	Did the senators avoid the lawyer ?	no
The doctors near the tourist avoided the actor .	Did the tourist avoid the actor ?	no
The banker next to the judges recognized the senators .	Did the judges recognize the senators ?	no
The senators next to the manager saw the students .	Did the manager see the students ?	no
The doctors behind the banker resigned .	Did the banker resign ?	no
The judge near the secretaries slept .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	no
The tourist by the doctor believed the athlete .	Did the doctor believe the athlete ?	no
The author by the manager introduced the judge .	Did the manager introduce the judge ?	no
The actor near the student advised the professors .	Did the student advise the professors ?	no
The lawyers by the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	no
The judges in front of the doctors recognized the authors .	Did the doctors recognize the authors ?	no
The professor behind the secretaries stopped the athletes .	Did the secretaries stop the athletes ?	no
The president behind the artists avoided the lawyer .	Did the artists avoid the lawyer ?	no
The doctors behind the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	no
The student next to the doctors supported the tourists .	Did the doctors support the tourists ?	no
The scientists in front of the senators danced .	Did the senators dance ?	no
The secretary in front of the athletes saw the tourist .	Did the athletes see the tourist ?	no
The tourist next to the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	no
The athlete by the actors resigned .	Did the actors resign ?	no
The senators near the artists introduced the doctor .	Did the artists introduce the doctor ?	no
The tourists behind the actor slept .	Did the actor sleep ?	no
The athlete next to the president introduced the tourist .	Did the president introduce the tourist ?	no
The lawyer near the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	no
The author behind the scientists slept .	Did the scientists sleep ?	no
The banker near the artists performed .	Did the artists perform ?	no
The athletes near the secretary stopped the senators .	Did the secretary stop the senators ?	no
The senator behind the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	no
The lawyers next to the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
The judges near the doctor mentioned the presidents .	Did the doctor mention the presidents ?	no
The athletes in front of the lawyer advised the senators .	Did the lawyer advise the senators ?	no
The actor by the bankers supported the students .	Did the bankers support the students ?	no
The students behind the senator saw the athlete .	Did the senator see the athlete ?	no
The managers near the senator performed .	Did the senator perform ?	no
The authors in front of the lawyers arrived .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	no
The manager next to the president avoided the authors .	Did the president avoid the authors ?	no
The managers in front of the actor admired the tourist .	Did the actor admire the tourist ?	no
The banker next to the presidents avoided the tourist .	Did the presidents avoid the tourist ?	no
The artists near the student ran .	Did the student run ?	no
The authors in front of the tourists waited .	Did the tourists wait ?	no
The bankers near the managers performed .	Did the managers perform ?	no
The secretary by the scientist arrived .	Did the scientist arrive ?	no
The judge next to the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	no
The senator by the tourist called the authors .	Did the tourist call the authors ?	no
The artists near the president recommended the student .	Did the president recommend the student ?	no
The author by the doctor helped the athletes .	Did the doctor help the athletes ?	no
The scientist next to the athletes helped the secretary .	Did the athletes help the secretary ?	no
The lawyers next to the banker recognized the professor .	Did the banker recognize the professor ?	no
The artist next to the scientists stopped the students .	Did the scientists stop the students ?	no
The scientist in front of the banker ran .	Did the banker run ?	no
The scientist by the president encouraged the professor .	Did the president encourage the professor ?	no
The professors in front of the student avoided the doctor .	Did the student avoid the doctor ?	no
The lawyers in front of the students encouraged the bankers .	Did the students encourage the bankers ?	no
The judges next to the actors ran .	Did the actors run ?	no
The secretaries near the actor stopped the president .	Did the actor stop the president ?	no
The presidents by the professor introduced the secretaries .	Did the professor introduce the secretaries ?	no
The president in front of the lawyers contacted the senator .	Did the lawyers contact the senator ?	no
The students in front of the actor admired the tourist .	Did the actor admire the tourist ?	no
The secretary near the manager contacted the author .	Did the manager contact the author ?	no
The professor behind the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	no
The tourist behind the athlete called the author .	Did the athlete call the author ?	no
The lawyers behind the athletes called the students .	Did the athletes call the students ?	no
The manager behind the actors called the tourists .	Did the actors call the tourists ?	no
The tourist by the actors stopped the senator .	Did the actors stop the senator ?	no
The presidents behind the athlete believed the scientists .	Did the athlete believe the scientists ?	no
The tourists by the actor arrived .	Did the actor arrive ?	no
The scientist near the judges stopped the bankers .	Did the judges stop the bankers ?	no
The artist behind the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	no
The authors in front of the student slept .	Did the student sleep ?	no
The authors in front of the tourist mentioned the actors .	Did the tourist mention the actors ?	no
The author next to the actor helped the senators .	Did the actor help the senators ?	no
The doctor next to the managers supported the professors .	Did the managers support the professors ?	no
The secretary next to the professor ran .	Did the professor run ?	no
The students next to the doctors waited .	Did the doctors wait ?	no
The professor next to the bankers performed .	Did the bankers perform ?	no
The secretaries in front of the scientist advised the tourist .	Did the scientist advise the tourist ?	no
The doctor next to the actor thanked the manager .	Did the actor thank the manager ?	no
The scientists next to the lawyer shouted .	Did the lawyer shout ?	no
The presidents in front of the manager thanked the tourist .	Did the manager thank the tourist ?	no
The scientists in front of the student recognized the manager .	Did the student recognize the manager ?	no
The author near the senator performed .	Did the senator perform ?	no
The banker in front of the lawyers recognized the tourists .	Did the lawyers recognize the tourists ?	no
The banker behind the lawyer called the artists .	Did the lawyer call the artists ?	no
The professors by the lawyers helped the tourists .	Did the lawyers help the tourists ?	no
The actor behind the manager shouted .	Did the manager shout ?	no
The scientist in front of the actor helped the professors .	Did the actor help the professors ?	no
The lawyer next to the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	no
The actors near the doctors danced .	Did the doctors dance ?	no
The professors in front of the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	no
The secretaries by the senators recommended the banker .	Did the senators recommend the banker ?	no
The doctor by the secretaries performed .	Did the secretaries perform ?	no
The managers near the artists shouted .	Did the artists shout ?	no
The bankers in front of the professors avoided the senators .	Did the professors avoid the senators ?	no
The artists by the bankers contacted the presidents .	Did the bankers contact the presidents ?	no
The judges near the professors avoided the manager .	Did the professors avoid the manager ?	no
The senator by the doctors contacted the professors .	Did the doctors contact the professors ?	no
The professor behind the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	no
The secretaries behind the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	no
The lawyers by the banker performed .	Did the banker perform ?	no
The professor behind the scientists waited .	Did the scientists wait ?	no
The manager behind the senator performed .	Did the senator perform ?	no
The secretary in front of the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	no
The judges next to the students introduced the senator .	Did the students introduce the senator ?	no
The judges behind the student helped the artists .	Did the student help the artists ?	no
The senator near the doctors stopped the professors .	Did the doctors stop the professors ?	no
The artists in front of the tourists helped the student .	Did the tourists help the student ?	no
The athlete behind the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	no
The judge next to the bankers mentioned the secretaries .	Did the bankers mention the secretaries ?	no
The banker by the professor believed the authors .	Did the professor believe the authors ?	no
The actors in front of the authors resigned .	Did the authors resign ?	no
The scientists in front of the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	no
The artist behind the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	no
The managers by the tourist helped the judge .	Did the tourist help the judge ?	no
The bankers near the artists supported the authors .	Did the artists support the authors ?	no
The judges near the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	no
The scientist near the secretaries helped the artist .	Did the secretaries help the artist ?	no
The judge behind the authors contacted the student .	Did the authors contact the student ?	no
The professor behind the tourists performed .	Did the tourists perform ?	no
The judge by the manager performed .	Did the manager perform ?	no
The athletes by the actors introduced the scientists .	Did the actors introduce the scientists ?	no
The lawyer next to the doctor recognized the manager .	Did the doctor recognize the manager ?	no
The tourists next to the judge advised the lawyer .	Did the judge advise the lawyer ?	no
The doctor by the student resigned .	Did the student resign ?	no
The judges near the senator supported the professor .	Did the senator support the professor ?	no
The managers in front of the lawyers admired the actor .	Did the lawyers admire the actor ?	no
The professors next to the secretary waited .	Did the secretary wait ?	no
The authors next to the judge called the president .	Did the judge call the president ?	no
The managers by the secretary slept .	Did the secretary sleep ?	no
The presidents next to the bankers supported the student .	Did the bankers support the student ?	no
The artists near the scientist recognized the bankers .	Did the scientist recognize the bankers ?	no
The tourists behind the senators admired the artist .	Did the senators admire the artist ?	no
The scientists by the authors danced .	Did the authors dance ?	no
The managers next to the actor called the student .	Did the actor call the student ?	no
The scientist by the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	no
The presidents behind the senators contacted the lawyers .	Did the senators contact the lawyers ?	no
The lawyers next to the tourists advised the senator .	Did the tourists advise the senator ?	no
The judges near the athletes recommended the doctors .	Did the athletes recommend the doctors ?	no
The president by the lawyer danced .	Did the lawyer dance ?	no
The artist next to the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	no
The scientist by the judge supported the actor .	Did the judge support the actor ?	no
The actors next to the artist introduced the senator .	Did the artist introduce the senator ?	no
The students next to the artists slept .	Did the artists sleep ?	no
The secretary by the senators supported the actor .	Did the senators support the actor ?	no
The students next to the professor danced .	Did the professor dance ?	no
The judge next to the senators thanked the doctor .	Did the senators thank the doctor ?	no
The secretaries near the authors helped the president .	Did the authors help the president ?	no
The artists by the doctor waited .	Did the doctor wait ?	no
The presidents in front of the senator mentioned the doctors .	Did the senator mention the doctors ?	no
The student in front of the managers mentioned the judge .	Did the managers mention the judge ?	no
The secretary behind the lawyer encouraged the banker .	Did the lawyer encourage the banker ?	no
The bankers by the doctors recognized the secretaries .	Did the doctors recognize the secretaries ?	no
The senators in front of the president believed the secretaries .	Did the president believe the secretaries ?	no
The tourist next to the secretaries waited .	Did the secretaries wait ?	no
The secretaries by the author performed .	Did the author perform ?	no
The secretary in front of the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	no
The managers behind the secretaries admired the athletes .	Did the secretaries admire the athletes ?	no
The professors in front of the doctors saw the actor .	Did the doctors see the actor ?	no
The scientist next to the judges called the tourist .	Did the judges call the tourist ?	no
The athlete in front of the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	no
The senators near the managers shouted .	Did the managers shout ?	no
The actors by the professor avoided the authors .	Did the professor avoid the authors ?	no
The senators in front of the lawyer helped the presidents .	Did the lawyer help the presidents ?	no
The student near the professor saw the doctor .	Did the professor see the doctor ?	no
The doctor by the president encouraged the actors .	Did the president encourage the actors ?	no
The author in front of the scientist stopped the lawyer .	Did the scientist stop the lawyer ?	no
The judge by the secretaries waited .	Did the secretaries wait ?	no
The students in front of the doctors performed .	Did the doctors perform ?	no
The authors near the actor slept .	Did the actor sleep ?	no
The judges in front of the actor recognized the managers .	Did the actor recognize the managers ?	no
The secretaries near the students recommended the author .	Did the students recommend the author ?	no
The judges in front of the professor called the lawyer .	Did the professor call the lawyer ?	no
The scientists near the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	no
The actor near the managers admired the senator .	Did the managers admire the senator ?	no
The banker next to the artist introduced the scientists .	Did the artist introduce the scientists ?	no
The actor next to the professor called the lawyer .	Did the professor call the lawyer ?	no
The senators by the artists waited .	Did the artists wait ?	no
The judges near the lawyers saw the author .	Did the lawyers see the author ?	no
The tourist in front of the artists encouraged the actors .	Did the artists encourage the actors ?	no
The authors near the scientist saw the secretaries .	Did the scientist see the secretaries ?	no
The doctors by the scientist performed .	Did the scientist perform ?	no
The senators near the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	no
The senator behind the bankers mentioned the actor .	Did the bankers mention the actor ?	no
The presidents behind the actors mentioned the artist .	Did the actors mention the artist ?	no
The bankers next to the tourist mentioned the secretaries .	Did the tourist mention the secretaries ?	no
The secretary in front of the actors slept .	Did the actors sleep ?	no
The professors by the presidents supported the doctor .	Did the presidents support the doctor ?	no
The scientists behind the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	no
The tourists near the author stopped the managers .	Did the author stop the managers ?	no
The actors in front of the banker helped the author .	Did the banker help the author ?	no
The senator in front of the authors supported the artists .	Did the authors support the artists ?	no
The students next to the tourists recommended the athlete .	Did the tourists recommend the athlete ?	no
The artists next to the tourist encouraged the doctor .	Did the tourist encourage the doctor ?	no
The authors near the judges advised the tourists .	Did the judges advise the tourists ?	no
The president behind the lawyers avoided the author .	Did the lawyers avoid the author ?	no
The lawyer next to the judge supported the professors .	Did the judge support the professors ?	no
The authors in front of the senators avoided the students .	Did the senators avoid the students ?	no
The students by the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	no
The lawyers by the actors supported the banker .	Did the actors support the banker ?	no
The scientist next to the professors danced .	Did the professors dance ?	no
The athletes by the professors believed the manager .	Did the professors believe the manager ?	no
The professor behind the doctor called the secretary .	Did the doctor call the secretary ?	no
The scientists near the student contacted the professors .	Did the student contact the professors ?	no
The managers next to the artists mentioned the banker .	Did the artists mention the banker ?	no
The professor in front of the senator saw the judges .	Did the senator see the judges ?	no
The artists by the senator recognized the actors .	Did the senator recognize the actors ?	no
The authors near the banker helped the artist .	Did the banker help the artist ?	no
The bankers near the athletes resigned .	Did the athletes resign ?	no
The authors next to the scientists called the artists .	Did the scientists call the artists ?	no
The manager behind the artist recognized the authors .	Did the artist recognize the authors ?	no
The manager behind the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	no
The senator in front of the students saw the athlete .	Did the students see the athlete ?	no
The doctor behind the authors admired the student .	Did the authors admire the student ?	no
The professors behind the secretary encouraged the artists .	Did the secretary encourage the artists ?	no
The artist next to the doctor stopped the lawyer .	Did the doctor stop the lawyer ?	no
The doctor in front of the senators advised the managers .	Did the senators advise the managers ?	no
The judge by the student admired the senator .	Did the student admire the senator ?	no
The managers behind the judge thanked the secretaries .	Did the judge thank the secretaries ?	no
The actors near the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	no
The managers by the senators encouraged the author .	Did the senators encourage the author ?	no
The authors by the scientist stopped the president .	Did the scientist stop the president ?	no
The judges behind the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	no
The bankers behind the scientist contacted the senator .	Did the scientist contact the senator ?	no
The athlete behind the author contacted the artists .	Did the author contact the artists ?	no
The senator by the bankers ran .	Did the bankers run ?	no
The lawyer by the tourist stopped the banker .	Did the tourist stop the banker ?	no
The actors behind the professors recommended the doctors .	Did the professors recommend the doctors ?	no
The tourist near the author introduced the secretary .	Did the author introduce the secretary ?	no
The tourist near the students mentioned the artist .	Did the students mention the artist ?	no
The artists next to the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	no
The senators next to the artists shouted .	Did the artists shout ?	no
The president behind the artists called the banker .	Did the artists call the banker ?	no
The students by the president shouted .	Did the president shout ?	no
The artist behind the judges recommended the lawyer .	Did the judges recommend the lawyer ?	no
The student behind the secretaries encouraged the professor .	Did the secretaries encourage the professor ?	no
The bankers behind the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	no
The judge in front of the actor advised the author .	Did the actor advise the author ?	no
The tourist next to the author believed the athlete .	Did the author believe the athlete ?	no
The senator next to the students ran .	Did the students run ?	no
The bankers behind the president contacted the managers .	Did the president contact the managers ?	no
The athletes near the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	no
The tourists by the judges admired the actors .	Did the judges admire the actors ?	no
The senator behind the presidents resigned .	Did the presidents resign ?	no
The judge near the student mentioned the artist .	Did the student mention the artist ?	no
The lawyer in front of the authors mentioned the tourist .	Did the authors mention the tourist ?	no
The tourist by the senator helped the professor .	Did the senator help the professor ?	no
The scientist behind the lawyer mentioned the president .	Did the lawyer mention the president ?	no
The senators next to the students slept .	Did the students sleep ?	no
The senators near the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	no
The student in front of the manager slept .	Did the manager sleep ?	no
The doctor near the athlete avoided the lawyer .	Did the athlete avoid the lawyer ?	no
The lawyers next to the doctor mentioned the scientist .	Did the doctor mention the scientist ?	no
The actors near the tourists contacted the athlete .	Did the tourists contact the athlete ?	no
The judges behind the artist slept .	Did the artist sleep ?	no
The managers in front of the athletes admired the banker .	Did the athletes admire the banker ?	no
The authors near the secretaries slept .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	no
The manager next to the professors introduced the lawyer .	Did the professors introduce the lawyer ?	no
The student behind the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	no
The senators in front of the managers waited .	Did the managers wait ?	no
The athlete behind the tourists avoided the scientists .	Did the tourists avoid the scientists ?	no
The banker next to the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	no
The president next to the tourists advised the professor .	Did the tourists advise the professor ?	no
The artists next to the president stopped the scientists .	Did the president stop the scientists ?	no
The athlete next to the lawyer slept .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	no
The presidents in front of the athletes recommended the artist .	Did the athletes recommend the artist ?	no
The manager near the doctor supported the senator .	Did the doctor support the senator ?	no
The athletes near the tourists waited .	Did the tourists wait ?	no
The student by the actor supported the professors .	Did the actor support the professors ?	no
The presidents behind the senator waited .	Did the senator wait ?	no
The author next to the presidents believed the artists .	Did the presidents believe the artists ?	no
The professor next to the judges mentioned the authors .	Did the judges mention the authors ?	no
The lawyers by the actor supported the athletes .	Did the actor support the athletes ?	no
The artist near the secretaries introduced the actors .	Did the secretaries introduce the actors ?	no
The president in front of the authors advised the actors .	Did the authors advise the actors ?	no
The actor in front of the athlete believed the secretary .	Did the athlete believe the secretary ?	no
The tourist next to the student resigned .	Did the student resign ?	no
The actors in front of the banker admired the artist .	Did the banker admire the artist ?	no
The athletes in front of the judge encouraged the student .	Did the judge encourage the student ?	no
The doctors by the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	no
The athlete near the scientist waited .	Did the scientist wait ?	no
The scientist behind the presidents ran .	Did the presidents run ?	no
The athlete next to the scientist believed the lawyer .	Did the scientist believe the lawyer ?	no
The secretaries in front of the manager encouraged the tourist .	Did the manager encourage the tourist ?	no
The authors next to the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	no
The artist next to the tourists avoided the secretaries .	Did the tourists avoid the secretaries ?	no
The presidents by the judge believed the scientists .	Did the judge believe the scientists ?	no
The professor next to the athlete slept .	Did the athlete sleep ?	no
The actors by the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	no
The doctor next to the athletes recognized the judge .	Did the athletes recognize the judge ?	no
The presidents behind the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	no
The artist behind the lawyers mentioned the secretary .	Did the lawyers mention the secretary ?	no
The professor near the actor waited .	Did the actor wait ?	no
The scientist in front of the authors stopped the professor .	Did the authors stop the professor ?	no
The lawyer near the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	no
The authors in front of the judges arrived .	Did the judges arrive ?	no
The bankers in front of the presidents recommended the doctors .	Did the presidents recommend the doctors ?	no
The president in front of the judges supported the professor .	Did the judges support the professor ?	no
The banker behind the presidents resigned .	Did the presidents resign ?	no
The student next to the professors helped the managers .	Did the professors help the managers ?	no
The authors behind the managers encouraged the lawyers .	Did the managers encourage the lawyers ?	no
The secretary by the lawyers arrived .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	no
The actor by the authors advised the presidents .	Did the authors advise the presidents ?	no
The senator by the lawyers introduced the athletes .	Did the lawyers introduce the athletes ?	no
The doctors near the managers ran .	Did the managers run ?	no
The student by the author recommended the judges .	Did the author recommend the judges ?	no
The actors near the lawyers helped the doctors .	Did the lawyers help the doctors ?	no
The bankers near the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	no
The senators near the athlete ran .	Did the athlete run ?	no
The senator next to the actors recommended the tourists .	Did the actors recommend the tourists ?	no
The president near the athlete recommended the scientists .	Did the athlete recommend the scientists ?	no
The scientist behind the student helped the judges .	Did the student help the judges ?	no
The president behind the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	no
The tourist behind the professor recommended the managers .	Did the professor recommend the managers ?	no
The bankers by the manager saw the senator .	Did the manager see the senator ?	no
The senators near the students encouraged the professors .	Did the students encourage the professors ?	no
The tourist behind the students believed the senators .	Did the students believe the senators ?	no
The scientist next to the actor stopped the judge .	Did the actor stop the judge ?	no
The tourists near the presidents ran .	Did the presidents run ?	no
The athlete next to the managers waited .	Did the managers wait ?	no
The secretaries by the students mentioned the actors .	Did the students mention the actors ?	no
The secretaries next to the lawyers resigned .	Did the lawyers resign ?	no
The secretaries in front of the author encouraged the banker .	Did the author encourage the banker ?	no
The secretary by the senator mentioned the doctors .	Did the senator mention the doctors ?	no
The artists in front of the president helped the secretary .	Did the president help the secretary ?	no
The authors behind the tourist introduced the manager .	Did the tourist introduce the manager ?	no
The scientist by the senators recommended the judges .	Did the senators recommend the judges ?	no
The judge next to the athlete believed the author .	Did the athlete believe the author ?	no
The professors in front of the artists waited .	Did the artists wait ?	no
The authors near the tourist advised the president .	Did the tourist advise the president ?	no
The actor by the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	no
The scientists in front of the actor recommended the artists .	Did the actor recommend the artists ?	no
The manager behind the secretaries recommended the professor .	Did the secretaries recommend the professor ?	no
The lawyers in front of the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	no
The lawyer near the artists introduced the manager .	Did the artists introduce the manager ?	no
The scientist by the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	no
The secretary near the author shouted .	Did the author shout ?	no
The lawyer near the artist waited .	Did the artist wait ?	no
The banker next to the doctor contacted the professor .	Did the doctor contact the professor ?	no
The secretaries behind the authors recognized the bankers .	Did the authors recognize the bankers ?	no
The managers near the athletes helped the student .	Did the athletes help the student ?	no
The tourist behind the student arrived .	Did the student arrive ?	no
The actor by the student recommended the secretary .	Did the student recommend the secretary ?	no
The bankers by the artist recommended the senator .	Did the artist recommend the senator ?	no
The scientists in front of the banker contacted the artists .	Did the banker contact the artists ?	no
The presidents by the student admired the bankers .	Did the student admire the bankers ?	no
The doctor by the professor saw the judges .	Did the professor see the judges ?	no
The actor by the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	no
The tourist by the athlete danced .	Did the athlete dance ?	no
The scientist next to the president thanked the doctors .	Did the president thank the doctors ?	no
The author by the lawyers slept .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	no
The author near the tourist recognized the bankers .	Did the tourist recognize the bankers ?	no
The presidents behind the manager danced .	Did the manager dance ?	no
The judges in front of the actor advised the doctors .	Did the actor advise the doctors ?	no
The manager by the senator waited .	Did the senator wait ?	no
The doctor near the student called the actors .	Did the student call the actors ?	no
The senators behind the lawyers avoided the banker .	Did the lawyers avoid the banker ?	no
The professor next to the tourists advised the presidents .	Did the tourists advise the presidents ?	no
The actors behind the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
The manager in front of the senators recognized the artist .	Did the senators recognize the artist ?	no
The judge next to the authors avoided the secretary .	Did the authors avoid the secretary ?	no
The scientist behind the bankers mentioned the judge .	Did the bankers mention the judge ?	no
The doctors by the presidents called the athletes .	Did the presidents call the athletes ?	no
The authors behind the artists recommended the professor .	Did the artists recommend the professor ?	no
The actor behind the senator saw the bankers .	Did the senator see the bankers ?	no
The secretaries in front of the athlete resigned .	Did the athlete resign ?	no
The artists in front of the presidents thanked the actor .	Did the presidents thank the actor ?	no
The author next to the student helped the actors .	Did the student help the actors ?	no
The bankers near the manager called the secretaries .	Did the manager call the secretaries ?	no
The doctors by the banker introduced the artist .	Did the banker introduce the artist ?	no
The professor next to the banker stopped the secretary .	Did the banker stop the secretary ?	no
The athlete behind the tourists recognized the senators .	Did the tourists recognize the senators ?	no
The lawyer by the artist recommended the president .	Did the artist recommend the president ?	no
The bankers near the doctor saw the athlete .	Did the doctor see the athlete ?	no
The tourist in front of the actor recognized the senator .	Did the actor recognize the senator ?	no
The lawyer near the professors encouraged the tourist .	Did the professors encourage the tourist ?	no
The actor behind the tourists shouted .	Did the tourists shout ?	no
The professors next to the bankers called the senator .	Did the bankers call the senator ?	no
The artist by the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	no
The professor behind the scientists advised the tourist .	Did the scientists advise the tourist ?	no
The athlete in front of the scientists contacted the secretaries .	Did the scientists contact the secretaries ?	no
The athletes behind the banker contacted the actors .	Did the banker contact the actors ?	no
The lawyers next to the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	no
The managers near the secretary recommended the doctor .	Did the secretary recommend the doctor ?	no
The lawyer in front of the secretaries mentioned the senators .	Did the secretaries mention the senators ?	no
The senators near the judges introduced the author .	Did the judges introduce the author ?	no
The managers in front of the actor believed the doctor .	Did the actor believe the doctor ?	no
The judge in front of the banker thanked the scientist .	Did the banker thank the scientist ?	no
The scientist next to the managers contacted the doctor .	Did the managers contact the doctor ?	no
The bankers behind the doctor encouraged the artist .	Did the doctor encourage the artist ?	no
The presidents in front of the authors resigned .	Did the authors resign ?	no
The athlete next to the banker called the judges .	Did the banker call the judges ?	no
The artist next to the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	no
The author behind the president danced .	Did the president dance ?	no
The professor behind the artists advised the scientists .	Did the artists advise the scientists ?	no
The secretary next to the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	no
The artist next to the lawyer avoided the secretary .	Did the lawyer avoid the secretary ?	no
The authors in front of the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	no
The tourist behind the judges introduced the managers .	Did the judges introduce the managers ?	no
The banker by the actors thanked the secretary .	Did the actors thank the secretary ?	no
The managers behind the lawyer danced .	Did the lawyer dance ?	no
The actor by the tourists saw the lawyer .	Did the tourists see the lawyer ?	no
The artist near the students waited .	Did the students wait ?	no
The president in front of the actor introduced the judge .	Did the actor introduce the judge ?	no
The professors behind the manager mentioned the judge .	Did the manager mention the judge ?	no
The athletes by the scientists advised the author .	Did the scientists advise the author ?	no
The senators next to the secretary mentioned the actors .	Did the secretary mention the actors ?	no
The doctor behind the secretary avoided the president .	Did the secretary avoid the president ?	no
The artists behind the author called the president .	Did the author call the president ?	no
The secretaries in front of the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	no
The banker near the actors slept .	Did the actors sleep ?	no
The scientist in front of the doctor believed the actor .	Did the doctor believe the actor ?	no
The judges by the lawyers recognized the banker .	Did the lawyers recognize the banker ?	no
The scientist near the bankers introduced the artists .	Did the bankers introduce the artists ?	no
The students next to the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	no
The presidents by the athlete slept .	Did the athlete sleep ?	no
The students near the manager performed .	Did the manager perform ?	no
The professors by the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	no
The president by the lawyer encouraged the athlete .	Did the lawyer encourage the athlete ?	no
The doctor behind the lawyers encouraged the athlete .	Did the lawyers encourage the athlete ?	no
The doctor in front of the secretaries helped the actor .	Did the secretaries help the actor ?	no
The bankers behind the secretaries saw the author .	Did the secretaries see the author ?	no
The tourists near the senator waited .	Did the senator wait ?	no
The senators next to the secretary slept .	Did the secretary sleep ?	no
The secretary behind the banker saw the professor .	Did the banker see the professor ?	no
The managers in front of the student slept .	Did the student sleep ?	no
The actor next to the lawyer introduced the president .	Did the lawyer introduce the president ?	no
The professor in front of the judges performed .	Did the judges perform ?	no
The secretary near the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	no
The lawyer behind the tourist mentioned the judges .	Did the tourist mention the judges ?	no
The managers near the lawyer admired the scientists .	Did the lawyer admire the scientists ?	no
The actor in front of the senators ran .	Did the senators run ?	no
The athlete in front of the professor saw the tourists .	Did the professor see the tourists ?	no
The author next to the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	no
The senators in front of the secretary supported the scientist .	Did the secretary support the scientist ?	no
The judge near the athletes danced .	Did the athletes dance ?	no
The scientist in front of the athletes advised the secretaries .	Did the athletes advise the secretaries ?	no
The lawyers next to the authors waited .	Did the authors wait ?	no
The authors by the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
The professor near the judges recommended the scientists .	Did the judges recommend the scientists ?	no
The president near the artist recognized the actors .	Did the artist recognize the actors ?	no
The tourists near the athlete saw the lawyers .	Did the athlete see the lawyers ?	no
The managers behind the senator supported the banker .	Did the senator support the banker ?	no
The secretary behind the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
The judges near the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	no
The athletes in front of the tourist thanked the actors .	Did the tourist thank the actors ?	no
The lawyer next to the author supported the athlete .	Did the author support the athlete ?	no
The tourists behind the senators called the secretaries .	Did the senators call the secretaries ?	no
The managers by the doctors admired the scientist .	Did the doctors admire the scientist ?	no
The president behind the actor ran .	Did the actor run ?	no
The athlete next to the judge recommended the student .	Did the judge recommend the student ?	no
The secretary near the students contacted the professor .	Did the students contact the professor ?	no
The judges by the lawyer introduced the actor .	Did the lawyer introduce the actor ?	no
The students by the managers waited .	Did the managers wait ?	no
The authors by the presidents called the manager .	Did the presidents call the manager ?	no
The athlete near the scientist encouraged the managers .	Did the scientist encourage the managers ?	no
The doctors near the tourist admired the judges .	Did the tourist admire the judges ?	no
The student in front of the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	no
The judge by the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	no
The artists behind the student encouraged the bankers .	Did the student encourage the bankers ?	no
The actor near the doctors believed the manager .	Did the doctors believe the manager ?	no
The tourists near the lawyers performed .	Did the lawyers perform ?	no
The doctors near the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
The scientist behind the actor believed the banker .	Did the actor believe the banker ?	no
The professors in front of the banker thanked the secretary .	Did the banker thank the secretary ?	no
The athletes by the judges contacted the author .	Did the judges contact the author ?	no
The presidents near the authors advised the senators .	Did the authors advise the senators ?	no
The doctors by the lawyer advised the manager .	Did the lawyer advise the manager ?	no
The students in front of the secretaries believed the tourist .	Did the secretaries believe the tourist ?	no
The bankers next to the lawyers waited .	Did the lawyers wait ?	no
The managers in front of the athlete slept .	Did the athlete sleep ?	no
The artist by the lawyer mentioned the doctor .	Did the lawyer mention the doctor ?	no
The banker behind the professor advised the managers .	Did the professor advise the managers ?	no
The actor near the senator thanked the athlete .	Did the senator thank the athlete ?	no
The scientists behind the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	no
The banker near the scientist performed .	Did the scientist perform ?	no
The students by the author advised the athletes .	Did the author advise the athletes ?	no
The professor by the senator mentioned the authors .	Did the senator mention the authors ?	no
The professors behind the president mentioned the secretaries .	Did the president mention the secretaries ?	no
The authors next to the artist admired the students .	Did the artist admire the students ?	no
The artists in front of the scientists advised the athlete .	Did the scientists advise the athlete ?	no
The student behind the bankers arrived .	Did the bankers arrive ?	no
The senators behind the doctors saw the scientist .	Did the doctors see the scientist ?	no
The judges in front of the authors called the presidents .	Did the authors call the presidents ?	no
The author by the artists performed .	Did the artists perform ?	no
The manager behind the senators called the scientists .	Did the senators call the scientists ?	no
The lawyer in front of the athletes thanked the tourist .	Did the athletes thank the tourist ?	no
The lawyers behind the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	no
The tourists by the athlete helped the bankers .	Did the athlete help the bankers ?	no
The senators near the bankers shouted .	Did the bankers shout ?	no
The senators next to the banker introduced the authors .	Did the banker introduce the authors ?	no
The artists next to the professors encouraged the banker .	Did the professors encourage the banker ?	no
The tourists by the bankers admired the lawyer .	Did the bankers admire the lawyer ?	no
The scientists by the actor waited .	Did the actor wait ?	no
The scientists by the lawyer advised the tourists .	Did the lawyer advise the tourists ?	no
The senator near the actor believed the bankers .	Did the actor believe the bankers ?	no
The professors in front of the banker avoided the senator .	Did the banker avoid the senator ?	no
The scientist by the secretaries contacted the students .	Did the secretaries contact the students ?	no
The artists by the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	no
The tourists next to the scientist saw the judge .	Did the scientist see the judge ?	no
The doctors by the athlete saw the artists .	Did the athlete see the artists ?	no
The manager near the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	no
The professor in front of the manager admired the tourists .	Did the manager admire the tourists ?	no
The tourist near the authors introduced the lawyers .	Did the authors introduce the lawyers ?	no
The professors behind the secretary advised the doctor .	Did the secretary advise the doctor ?	no
The judge near the managers supported the scientists .	Did the managers support the scientists ?	no
The banker next to the president resigned .	Did the president resign ?	no
The tourist behind the artist avoided the students .	Did the artist avoid the students ?	no
The banker in front of the artists recommended the senators .	Did the artists recommend the senators ?	no
The tourists behind the author called the doctors .	Did the author call the doctors ?	no
The judge in front of the managers advised the artist .	Did the managers advise the artist ?	no
The doctors near the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	no
The doctors by the athletes avoided the banker .	Did the athletes avoid the banker ?	no
The senators near the bankers encouraged the manager .	Did the bankers encourage the manager ?	no
The secretaries in front of the students ran .	Did the students run ?	no
The athlete behind the president thanked the student .	Did the president thank the student ?	no
The actors near the author recommended the bankers .	Did the author recommend the bankers ?	no
The secretary next to the scientists waited .	Did the scientists wait ?	no
The judge next to the tourists recognized the students .	Did the tourists recognize the students ?	no
The tourists near the senators introduced the actors .	Did the senators introduce the actors ?	no
The author behind the tourist danced .	Did the tourist dance ?	no
The bankers behind the manager helped the scientists .	Did the manager help the scientists ?	no
The artist by the judges mentioned the lawyer .	Did the judges mention the lawyer ?	no
The scientist next to the author ran .	Did the author run ?	no
The athlete next to the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	no
The lawyer next to the judge believed the tourists .	Did the judge believe the tourists ?	no
The secretaries behind the student introduced the author .	Did the student introduce the author ?	no
The professor next to the judges ran .	Did the judges run ?	no
The actor next to the student recommended the artists .	Did the student recommend the artists ?	no
The secretaries near the lawyer ran .	Did the lawyer run ?	no
The actor near the athletes danced .	Did the athletes dance ?	no
The artist behind the professors shouted .	Did the professors shout ?	no
The managers by the authors ran .	Did the authors run ?	no
The actors near the manager helped the authors .	Did the manager help the authors ?	no
The athlete by the bankers stopped the lawyers .	Did the bankers stop the lawyers ?	no
The author by the doctor introduced the lawyer .	Did the doctor introduce the lawyer ?	no
The author in front of the professor mentioned the secretaries .	Did the professor mention the secretaries ?	no
The managers behind the actors recommended the banker .	Did the actors recommend the banker ?	no
The scientist next to the student encouraged the president .	Did the student encourage the president ?	no
The presidents near the actor introduced the artists .	Did the actor introduce the artists ?	no
The actors in front of the bankers supported the athletes .	Did the bankers support the athletes ?	no
The doctors next to the artist recommended the managers .	Did the artist recommend the managers ?	no
The tourist by the professor slept .	Did the professor sleep ?	no
The judge behind the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	no
The lawyer by the student advised the tourists .	Did the student advise the tourists ?	no
The secretary behind the authors encouraged the manager .	Did the authors encourage the manager ?	no
The actors next to the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	no
The athlete by the actors helped the judge .	Did the actors help the judge ?	no
The student next to the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	no
The artists behind the banker saw the secretaries .	Did the banker see the secretaries ?	no
The student by the presidents called the judge .	Did the presidents call the judge ?	no
The athlete in front of the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	no
The managers by the professor introduced the scientists .	Did the professor introduce the scientists ?	no
The artists by the manager believed the students .	Did the manager believe the students ?	no
The judge near the athletes performed .	Did the athletes perform ?	no
The actor behind the secretary advised the president .	Did the secretary advise the president ?	no
The student in front of the presidents recognized the doctor .	Did the presidents recognize the doctor ?	no
The banker next to the athlete stopped the managers .	Did the athlete stop the managers ?	no
The senator by the professors saw the managers .	Did the professors see the managers ?	no
The author near the athlete saw the student .	Did the athlete see the student ?	no
The author by the president ran .	Did the president run ?	no
The senator behind the artist thanked the lawyer .	Did the artist thank the lawyer ?	no
The secretary next to the president called the author .	Did the president call the author ?	no
The manager behind the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	no
The secretaries behind the president waited .	Did the president wait ?	no
The athlete by the bankers recommended the student .	Did the bankers recommend the student ?	no
The managers near the judges ran .	Did the judges run ?	no
The senator by the artist recognized the scientists .	Did the artist recognize the scientists ?	no
The athlete near the judges recognized the tourists .	Did the judges recognize the tourists ?	no
The senators behind the artists saw the scientist .	Did the artists see the scientist ?	no
The president near the author avoided the artist .	Did the author avoid the artist ?	no
The professors behind the lawyers resigned .	Did the lawyers resign ?	no
The lawyers near the scientists helped the senators .	Did the scientists help the senators ?	no
The professor near the athlete resigned .	Did the athlete resign ?	no
The tourists behind the author recommended the secretary .	Did the author recommend the secretary ?	no
The artists by the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	no
The tourist in front of the authors called the senators .	Did the authors call the senators ?	no
The judge behind the lawyers saw the student .	Did the lawyers see the student ?	no
The athletes by the tourists saw the scientists .	Did the tourists see the scientists ?	no
The presidents behind the doctors stopped the senators .	Did the doctors stop the senators ?	no
The student by the senator admired the actors .	Did the senator admire the actors ?	no
The senator behind the tourist encouraged the professors .	Did the tourist encourage the professors ?	no
The senators behind the secretaries recognized the doctor .	Did the secretaries recognize the doctor ?	no
The president in front of the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	no
The athletes in front of the manager stopped the professors .	Did the manager stop the professors ?	no
The presidents in front of the managers saw the actors .	Did the managers see the actors ?	no
The students near the actors saw the athletes .	Did the actors see the athletes ?	no
The athlete near the professors introduced the scientist .	Did the professors introduce the scientist ?	no
The tourists near the presidents stopped the professor .	Did the presidents stop the professor ?	no
The artist behind the president advised the managers .	Did the president advise the managers ?	no
The senators in front of the tourist saw the lawyer .	Did the tourist see the lawyer ?	no
The scientist behind the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	no
The lawyer behind the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	no
The presidents near the actors contacted the managers .	Did the actors contact the managers ?	no
The tourists next to the lawyers advised the secretary .	Did the lawyers advise the secretary ?	no
The professors in front of the presidents supported the managers .	Did the presidents support the managers ?	no
The athletes behind the secretary called the lawyers .	Did the secretary call the lawyers ?	no
The judges behind the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	no
The bankers next to the judges avoided the scientist .	Did the judges avoid the scientist ?	no
The doctors by the lawyers contacted the athlete .	Did the lawyers contact the athlete ?	no
The tourist next to the authors stopped the students .	Did the authors stop the students ?	no
The manager in front of the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	no
The lawyers next to the professor mentioned the judge .	Did the professor mention the judge ?	no
The athlete in front of the lawyers supported the manager .	Did the lawyers support the manager ?	no
The doctor next to the actors recognized the athlete .	Did the actors recognize the athlete ?	no
The scientist by the tourists recommended the president .	Did the tourists recommend the president ?	no
The author by the senators encouraged the banker .	Did the senators encourage the banker ?	no
The president next to the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	no
The scientist next to the bankers advised the actor .	Did the bankers advise the actor ?	no
The tourist near the manager encouraged the presidents .	Did the manager encourage the presidents ?	no
The doctor by the authors arrived .	Did the authors arrive ?	no
The authors in front of the lawyer stopped the artist .	Did the lawyer stop the artist ?	no
The athletes by the judge stopped the lawyers .	Did the judge stop the lawyers ?	no
The secretary near the lawyers avoided the senators .	Did the lawyers avoid the senators ?	no
The athlete in front of the students believed the tourists .	Did the students believe the tourists ?	no
The doctors next to the managers helped the athletes .	Did the managers help the athletes ?	no
The scientist behind the senator shouted .	Did the senator shout ?	no
The president behind the professor encouraged the scientist .	Did the professor encourage the scientist ?	no
The doctor next to the author resigned .	Did the author resign ?	no
The lawyer in front of the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	no
The actors in front of the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	no
The athletes by the presidents encouraged the lawyers .	Did the presidents encourage the lawyers ?	no
The scientists by the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	no
The athlete next to the judge ran .	Did the judge run ?	no
The artist by the senators avoided the judges .	Did the senators avoid the judges ?	no
The lawyers next to the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	no
The tourists by the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	no
The professor next to the doctor ran .	Did the doctor run ?	no
The lawyers in front of the tourists stopped the managers .	Did the tourists stop the managers ?	no
The doctor next to the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	no
The athlete next to the lawyers admired the artists .	Did the lawyers admire the artists ?	no
The athlete next to the authors avoided the tourist .	Did the authors avoid the tourist ?	no
The doctors in front of the artists advised the bankers .	Did the artists advise the bankers ?	no
The scientist near the artist believed the authors .	Did the artist believe the authors ?	no
The students next to the judge stopped the scientists .	Did the judge stop the scientists ?	no
The actor next to the doctors avoided the author .	Did the doctors avoid the author ?	no
The tourists near the secretary recommended the scientist .	Did the secretary recommend the scientist ?	no
The president in front of the professors slept .	Did the professors sleep ?	no
The athletes near the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	no
The tourist behind the doctors helped the professors .	Did the doctors help the professors ?	no
The managers by the actors resigned .	Did the actors resign ?	no
The doctors in front of the tourists stopped the managers .	Did the tourists stop the managers ?	no
The doctor by the banker danced .	Did the banker dance ?	no
The managers by the scientist encouraged the athlete .	Did the scientist encourage the athlete ?	no
The lawyers near the professors encouraged the manager .	Did the professors encourage the manager ?	no
The judge near the professor believed the senators .	Did the professor believe the senators ?	no
The presidents in front of the senator saw the tourist .	Did the senator see the tourist ?	no
The president in front of the artist mentioned the managers .	Did the artist mention the managers ?	no
The senator by the lawyers advised the professor .	Did the lawyers advise the professor ?	no
The athlete near the lawyer admired the senators .	Did the lawyer admire the senators ?	no
The judges by the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	no
The banker next to the manager ran .	Did the manager run ?	no
The lawyers near the doctors waited .	Did the doctors wait ?	no
The athletes behind the secretaries contacted the scientist .	Did the secretaries contact the scientist ?	no
The presidents behind the secretary recognized the manager .	Did the secretary recognize the manager ?	no
The judge in front of the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	no
The judge next to the artist advised the secretary .	Did the artist advise the secretary ?	no
The judges in front of the senator recommended the tourist .	Did the senator recommend the tourist ?	no
The judge behind the tourist recommended the lawyer .	Did the tourist recommend the lawyer ?	no
The author near the judge recommended the manager .	Did the judge recommend the manager ?	no
The lawyers in front of the senators encouraged the author .	Did the senators encourage the author ?	no
The student near the athletes advised the presidents .	Did the athletes advise the presidents ?	no
The judge behind the banker advised the secretary .	Did the banker advise the secretary ?	no
The professors in front of the lawyer stopped the scientist .	Did the lawyer stop the scientist ?	no
The authors behind the managers encouraged the tourists .	Did the managers encourage the tourists ?	no
The authors near the senators recommended the presidents .	Did the senators recommend the presidents ?	no
The president behind the actors waited .	Did the actors wait ?	no
The actor next to the lawyer waited .	Did the lawyer wait ?	no
The artists next to the doctors slept .	Did the doctors sleep ?	no
The senator in front of the doctors performed .	Did the doctors perform ?	no
The professor next to the athlete encouraged the tourist .	Did the athlete encourage the tourist ?	no
The president near the professor mentioned the judges .	Did the professor mention the judges ?	no
The banker in front of the student stopped the scientist .	Did the student stop the scientist ?	no
The tourists near the bankers ran .	Did the bankers run ?	no
The athlete in front of the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	no
The actor in front of the student arrived .	Did the student arrive ?	no
The doctors by the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	no
The banker near the doctors arrived .	Did the doctors arrive ?	no
The athletes in front of the bankers shouted .	Did the bankers shout ?	no
The athlete behind the actor advised the banker .	Did the actor advise the banker ?	no
The student near the secretary avoided the doctor .	Did the secretary avoid the doctor ?	no
The author near the secretary thanked the professors .	Did the secretary thank the professors ?	no
The artists by the judge saw the authors .	Did the judge see the authors ?	no
The artist near the tourists believed the president .	Did the tourists believe the president ?	no
The doctors next to the tourist called the secretaries .	Did the tourist call the secretaries ?	no
The bankers near the athlete slept .	Did the athlete sleep ?	no
The lawyer by the secretaries slept .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	no
The tourists near the managers admired the scientist .	Did the managers admire the scientist ?	no
The athletes by the senators saw the lawyer .	Did the senators see the lawyer ?	no
The secretary near the athletes called the professor .	Did the athletes call the professor ?	no
The secretary near the artists avoided the judges .	Did the artists avoid the judges ?	no
The tourist next to the bankers mentioned the athlete .	Did the bankers mention the athlete ?	no
The artist by the manager shouted .	Did the manager shout ?	no
The secretaries next to the author ran .	Did the author run ?	no
The senators next to the scientist admired the judges .	Did the scientist admire the judges ?	no
The lawyer near the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	no
The secretaries in front of the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	no
The actor by the professor waited .	Did the professor wait ?	no
The secretaries by the scientists waited .	Did the scientists wait ?	no
The doctors in front of the artist introduced the lawyers .	Did the artist introduce the lawyers ?	no
The professor by the doctors recognized the managers .	Did the doctors recognize the managers ?	no
The artist by the managers shouted .	Did the managers shout ?	no
The managers behind the author contacted the bankers .	Did the author contact the bankers ?	no
The president in front of the banker stopped the actor .	Did the banker stop the actor ?	no
The students near the senator saw the judge .	Did the senator see the judge ?	no
The lawyer behind the doctors contacted the student .	Did the doctors contact the student ?	no
The senator by the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	no
The lawyers near the bankers mentioned the scientists .	Did the bankers mention the scientists ?	no
The professors in front of the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	no
The authors near the senator supported the scientists .	Did the senator support the scientists ?	no
The president behind the doctors avoided the tourists .	Did the doctors avoid the tourists ?	no
The author in front of the lawyer helped the secretary .	Did the lawyer help the secretary ?	no
The actor behind the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	no
The actor in front of the lawyer stopped the student .	Did the lawyer stop the student ?	no
The authors by the president supported the doctor .	Did the president support the doctor ?	no
The tourists behind the students called the presidents .	Did the students call the presidents ?	no
The scientists by the senator called the professors .	Did the senator call the professors ?	no
The athletes behind the doctor admired the actor .	Did the doctor admire the actor ?	no
The senator by the student arrived .	Did the student arrive ?	no
The judge near the senators introduced the artist .	Did the senators introduce the artist ?	no
The scientists behind the doctors ran .	Did the doctors run ?	no
The athlete near the senator stopped the bankers .	Did the senator stop the bankers ?	no
The authors next to the tourists waited .	Did the tourists wait ?	no
The professor next to the lawyer encouraged the doctor .	Did the lawyer encourage the doctor ?	no
The lawyers near the manager contacted the athletes .	Did the manager contact the athletes ?	no
The manager in front of the athletes arrived .	Did the athletes arrive ?	no
The tourist next to the students advised the athletes .	Did the students advise the athletes ?	no
The secretary by the judges called the scientists .	Did the judges call the scientists ?	no
The professors behind the student believed the authors .	Did the student believe the authors ?	no
The athletes by the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
The athletes in front of the secretary helped the bankers .	Did the secretary help the bankers ?	no
The actor near the bankers contacted the authors .	Did the bankers contact the authors ?	no
The artists behind the lawyers supported the tourist .	Did the lawyers support the tourist ?	no
The author next to the managers called the senator .	Did the managers call the senator ?	no
The students behind the senator recommended the secretary .	Did the senator recommend the secretary ?	no
The athletes in front of the president slept .	Did the president sleep ?	no
The author in front of the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	no
The secretaries behind the professors advised the president .	Did the professors advise the president ?	no
The doctor by the judges performed .	Did the judges perform ?	no
The scientist behind the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	no
The doctor near the president introduced the secretary .	Did the president introduce the secretary ?	no
The presidents next to the secretaries called the banker .	Did the secretaries call the banker ?	no
The actors by the secretary thanked the managers .	Did the secretary thank the managers ?	no
The professors behind the presidents stopped the secretaries .	Did the presidents stop the secretaries ?	no
The professor in front of the president stopped the actor .	Did the president stop the actor ?	no
The artists next to the banker encouraged the doctor .	Did the banker encourage the doctor ?	no
The managers in front of the student encouraged the author .	Did the student encourage the author ?	no
The artists next to the scientist slept .	Did the scientist sleep ?	no
The artists behind the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	no
The athletes next to the authors advised the artist .	Did the authors advise the artist ?	no
The actor near the secretary ran .	Did the secretary run ?	no
The president in front of the author danced .	Did the author dance ?	no
The lawyers in front of the athlete contacted the doctor .	Did the athlete contact the doctor ?	no
The actor by the students mentioned the athletes .	Did the students mention the athletes ?	no
The student behind the tourist danced .	Did the tourist dance ?	no
The tourist near the lawyer called the doctor .	Did the lawyer call the doctor ?	no
The banker by the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	no
The manager near the artist encouraged the author .	Did the artist encourage the author ?	no
The bankers behind the secretaries thanked the actor .	Did the secretaries thank the actor ?	no
The artists in front of the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	no
The banker near the lawyer called the artist .	Did the lawyer call the artist ?	no
The president near the doctor encouraged the artists .	Did the doctor encourage the artists ?	no
The authors behind the professor believed the presidents .	Did the professor believe the presidents ?	no
The artists by the lawyer saw the athlete .	Did the lawyer see the athlete ?	no
The actors next to the author called the students .	Did the author call the students ?	no
The scientist next to the bankers recommended the actors .	Did the bankers recommend the actors ?	no
The secretaries by the doctors introduced the judges .	Did the doctors introduce the judges ?	no
The manager near the senator recommended the banker .	Did the senator recommend the banker ?	no
The president near the senators advised the athlete .	Did the senators advise the athlete ?	no
The athlete next to the students arrived .	Did the students arrive ?	no
The tourists in front of the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
The author next to the athlete contacted the senator .	Did the athlete contact the senator ?	no
The presidents near the doctors stopped the students .	Did the doctors stop the students ?	no
The lawyers next to the actors recommended the manager .	Did the actors recommend the manager ?	no
The tourist by the author supported the manager .	Did the author support the manager ?	no
The athletes in front of the doctor avoided the authors .	Did the doctor avoid the authors ?	no
The manager near the authors encouraged the tourists .	Did the authors encourage the tourists ?	no
The lawyer by the tourist supported the actors .	Did the tourist support the actors ?	no
The bankers in front of the athletes avoided the scientists .	Did the athletes avoid the scientists ?	no
The authors behind the senator encouraged the manager .	Did the senator encourage the manager ?	no
The president behind the lawyers stopped the artists .	Did the lawyers stop the artists ?	no
The manager next to the tourists avoided the doctor .	Did the tourists avoid the doctor ?	no
The lawyer behind the doctor contacted the tourist .	Did the doctor contact the tourist ?	no
The banker in front of the tourist supported the actor .	Did the tourist support the actor ?	no
The manager next to the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	no
The student near the secretaries supported the judges .	Did the secretaries support the judges ?	no
The artists that supported the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	no
The presidents who stopped the scientist ran .	Did the scientist run ?	no
The secretaries who supported the president admired the authors .	Did the president admire the authors ?	no
The secretary that admired the senator saw the actor .	Did the senator see the actor ?	no
The doctors who saw the senator arrived .	Did the senator arrive ?	no
The scientists that introduced the senator avoided the actor .	Did the senator avoid the actor ?	no
The senator who avoided the students slept .	Did the students sleep ?	no
The students who introduced the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	no
The scientist who advised the presidents encouraged the student .	Did the presidents encourage the student ?	no
The secretaries that thanked the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	no
The author that avoided the doctor slept .	Did the doctor sleep ?	no
The doctors that believed the managers introduced the bankers .	Did the managers introduce the bankers ?	no
The students that stopped the doctors called the artist .	Did the doctors call the artist ?	no
The bankers that contacted the judge resigned .	Did the judge resign ?	no
The senators that encouraged the actors supported the presidents .	Did the actors support the presidents ?	no
The professors that avoided the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	no
The senator that stopped the secretary introduced the lawyers .	Did the secretary introduce the lawyers ?	no
The actor that believed the athlete helped the secretary .	Did the athlete help the secretary ?	no
The doctor who supported the banker thanked the actor .	Did the banker thank the actor ?	no
The athletes that supported the actor recognized the students .	Did the actor recognize the students ?	no
The student that saw the scientists believed the lawyer .	Did the scientists believe the lawyer ?	no
The scientist who called the tourists slept .	Did the tourists sleep ?	no
The secretary who encouraged the senator advised the lawyers .	Did the senator advise the lawyers ?	no
The artist that stopped the actor slept .	Did the actor sleep ?	no
The athletes that supported the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	no
The president that helped the secretaries mentioned the banker .	Did the secretaries mention the banker ?	no
The author who thanked the judge slept .	Did the judge sleep ?	no
The professor that stopped the actors recognized the presidents .	Did the actors recognize the presidents ?	no
The student that recommended the presidents resigned .	Did the presidents resign ?	no
The president that saw the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	no
The professor that saw the athlete supported the actor .	Did the athlete support the actor ?	no
The athletes who stopped the secretaries thanked the artists .	Did the secretaries thank the artists ?	no
The managers that avoided the athlete encouraged the scientists .	Did the athlete encourage the scientists ?	no
The students that thanked the lawyers avoided the judges .	Did the lawyers avoid the judges ?	no
The secretaries that mentioned the artist shouted .	Did the artist shout ?	no
The senators that advised the students encouraged the tourists .	Did the students encourage the tourists ?	no
The artists that mentioned the authors advised the actor .	Did the authors advise the actor ?	no
The lawyer who avoided the manager introduced the doctors .	Did the manager introduce the doctors ?	no
The scientist that recommended the presidents helped the doctors .	Did the presidents help the doctors ?	no
The judge that called the author supported the senator .	Did the author support the senator ?	no
The scientist who advised the author saw the professors .	Did the author see the professors ?	no
The scientist who supported the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	no
The bankers that thanked the artists believed the tourist .	Did the artists believe the tourist ?	no
The doctor who saw the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	no
The professors that stopped the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	no
The scientists who avoided the actor recommended the manager .	Did the actor recommend the manager ?	no
The tourist who advised the student contacted the athletes .	Did the student contact the athletes ?	no
The students that believed the athletes stopped the lawyer .	Did the athletes stop the lawyer ?	no
The professors that avoided the scientists saw the manager .	Did the scientists see the manager ?	no
The senator that believed the manager slept .	Did the manager sleep ?	no
The senators who recognized the judges supported the bankers .	Did the judges support the bankers ?	no
The actor who helped the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	no
The actors that recognized the doctors ran .	Did the doctors run ?	no
The students that saw the senator ran .	Did the senator run ?	no
The judge who introduced the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	no
The senator that helped the scientists thanked the professor .	Did the scientists thank the professor ?	no
The doctors that admired the athlete resigned .	Did the athlete resign ?	no
The president who recognized the doctor called the scientist .	Did the doctor call the scientist ?	no
The doctor that introduced the managers shouted .	Did the managers shout ?	no
The artist that avoided the scientist supported the professors .	Did the scientist support the professors ?	no
The athletes who recommended the bankers waited .	Did the bankers wait ?	no
The tourist that advised the doctors contacted the president .	Did the doctors contact the president ?	no
The lawyer that admired the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	no
The professor that believed the president danced .	Did the president dance ?	no
The judges that believed the tourists saw the lawyer .	Did the tourists see the lawyer ?	no
The student that helped the banker mentioned the author .	Did the banker mention the author ?	no
The athletes who advised the judge believed the presidents .	Did the judge believe the presidents ?	no
The artist who thanked the secretary recommended the professors .	Did the secretary recommend the professors ?	no
The doctor that introduced the actors recognized the banker .	Did the actors recognize the banker ?	no
The presidents that thanked the scientist called the tourists .	Did the scientist call the tourists ?	no
The actor that admired the students shouted .	Did the students shout ?	no
The lawyers who saw the professor supported the author .	Did the professor support the author ?	no
The athletes that thanked the lawyers admired the professor .	Did the lawyers admire the professor ?	no
The athlete that introduced the students recommended the actors .	Did the students recommend the actors ?	no
The president who supported the author shouted .	Did the author shout ?	no
The artists that introduced the lawyer helped the authors .	Did the lawyer help the authors ?	no
The secretaries who avoided the artists admired the athlete .	Did the artists admire the athlete ?	no
The lawyer that thanked the doctors mentioned the artist .	Did the doctors mention the artist ?	no
The lawyer that advised the presidents saw the students .	Did the presidents see the students ?	no
The artist who stopped the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	no
The students that introduced the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	no
The senator who contacted the actor recognized the tourists .	Did the actor recognize the tourists ?	no
The artists that helped the managers arrived .	Did the managers arrive ?	no
The doctors who called the artist thanked the actors .	Did the artist thank the actors ?	no
The actors who admired the senator stopped the tourists .	Did the senator stop the tourists ?	no
The scientists that contacted the banker called the doctors .	Did the banker call the doctors ?	no
The professors that avoided the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	no
The scientists that encouraged the authors thanked the athlete .	Did the authors thank the athlete ?	no
The actor that admired the judges introduced the banker .	Did the judges introduce the banker ?	no
The athletes who encouraged the professor stopped the managers .	Did the professor stop the managers ?	no
The artist who stopped the bankers introduced the president .	Did the bankers introduce the president ?	no
The senator who advised the scientist introduced the professor .	Did the scientist introduce the professor ?	no
The scientists that recommended the senator performed .	Did the senator perform ?	no
The scientists who saw the tourist thanked the bankers .	Did the tourist thank the bankers ?	no
The secretary that helped the professor mentioned the lawyers .	Did the professor mention the lawyers ?	no
The judges that supported the secretary mentioned the authors .	Did the secretary mention the authors ?	no
The actors that avoided the senator admired the student .	Did the senator admire the student ?	no
The lawyer that called the senator contacted the banker .	Did the senator contact the banker ?	no
The doctor that admired the secretary contacted the actors .	Did the secretary contact the actors ?	no
The scientist who stopped the student slept .	Did the student sleep ?	no
The doctors that avoided the senator introduced the secretary .	Did the senator introduce the secretary ?	no
The senator that mentioned the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	no
The manager that contacted the tourists recommended the secretary .	Did the tourists recommend the secretary ?	no
The professors who mentioned the banker resigned .	Did the banker resign ?	no
The manager who contacted the scientists resigned .	Did the scientists resign ?	no
The tourist that helped the secretaries waited .	Did the secretaries wait ?	no
The president that believed the lawyer advised the judges .	Did the lawyer advise the judges ?	no
The artists who recognized the bankers danced .	Did the bankers dance ?	no
The managers that mentioned the banker encouraged the author .	Did the banker encourage the author ?	no
The bankers that mentioned the lawyer helped the artist .	Did the lawyer help the artist ?	no
The doctor that recognized the lawyers thanked the tourist .	Did the lawyers thank the tourist ?	no
The actor that recommended the lawyers slept .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	no
The professor that avoided the president admired the athlete .	Did the president admire the athlete ?	no
The lawyer who encouraged the senator thanked the athlete .	Did the senator thank the athlete ?	no
The presidents who introduced the professors avoided the authors .	Did the professors avoid the authors ?	no
The artists who thanked the lawyers advised the doctors .	Did the lawyers advise the doctors ?	no
The doctors that helped the professor arrived .	Did the professor arrive ?	no
The scientist who avoided the artist resigned .	Did the artist resign ?	no
The lawyers that admired the students resigned .	Did the students resign ?	no
The senators that introduced the presidents thanked the authors .	Did the presidents thank the authors ?	no
The banker who contacted the judges believed the artist .	Did the judges believe the artist ?	no
The senators that called the bankers believed the presidents .	Did the bankers believe the presidents ?	no
The actor who introduced the president contacted the secretaries .	Did the president contact the secretaries ?	no
The authors that recognized the presidents ran .	Did the presidents run ?	no
The secretary who recommended the doctors stopped the authors .	Did the doctors stop the authors ?	no
The artist that contacted the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	no
The lawyer that stopped the judges encouraged the artists .	Did the judges encourage the artists ?	no
The authors who thanked the doctor encouraged the athletes .	Did the doctor encourage the athletes ?	no
The tourist who stopped the actor recognized the athlete .	Did the actor recognize the athlete ?	no
The students who mentioned the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	no
The scientist who mentioned the senators stopped the judges .	Did the senators stop the judges ?	no
The actor who mentioned the manager recommended the scientists .	Did the manager recommend the scientists ?	no
The judge who thanked the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
The students who recommended the athletes contacted the actor .	Did the athletes contact the actor ?	no
The banker who saw the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	no
The tourists that called the professor encouraged the student .	Did the professor encourage the student ?	no
The manager that helped the authors admired the judge .	Did the authors admire the judge ?	no
The managers that helped the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	no
The manager that avoided the authors stopped the senator .	Did the authors stop the senator ?	no
The senators that believed the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
The actor who admired the president called the professor .	Did the president call the professor ?	no
The senator who avoided the professor contacted the lawyer .	Did the professor contact the lawyer ?	no
The judges who thanked the tourist believed the scientist .	Did the tourist believe the scientist ?	no
The artists that contacted the bankers ran .	Did the bankers run ?	no
The lawyer who stopped the actor recommended the judges .	Did the actor recommend the judges ?	no
The athlete who mentioned the presidents ran .	Did the presidents run ?	no
The professor that called the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	no
The judges that advised the artists shouted .	Did the artists shout ?	no
The judge that supported the students resigned .	Did the students resign ?	no
The secretaries who introduced the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	no
The banker who recognized the scientists arrived .	Did the scientists arrive ?	no
The manager who stopped the bankers danced .	Did the bankers dance ?	no
The judges that helped the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	no
The student who contacted the scientist slept .	Did the scientist sleep ?	no
The artist that admired the judge resigned .	Did the judge resign ?	no
The actor that avoided the authors recognized the managers .	Did the authors recognize the managers ?	no
The actors that contacted the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	no
The authors who called the tourist shouted .	Did the tourist shout ?	no
The doctor that recognized the judge danced .	Did the judge dance ?	no
The authors who contacted the doctors ran .	Did the doctors run ?	no
The athlete who stopped the professor introduced the tourist .	Did the professor introduce the tourist ?	no
The tourist who supported the presidents slept .	Did the presidents sleep ?	no
The tourists that contacted the student arrived .	Did the student arrive ?	no
The lawyer who encouraged the manager slept .	Did the manager sleep ?	no
The president who avoided the actors believed the professor .	Did the actors believe the professor ?	no
The artist who mentioned the doctors performed .	Did the doctors perform ?	no
The author that admired the professors saw the judges .	Did the professors see the judges ?	no
The actors that believed the president avoided the managers .	Did the president avoid the managers ?	no
The actors who called the doctor introduced the manager .	Did the doctor introduce the manager ?	no
The judge who called the managers supported the scientists .	Did the managers support the scientists ?	no
The president who encouraged the manager ran .	Did the manager run ?	no
The president who contacted the professor encouraged the secretaries .	Did the professor encourage the secretaries ?	no
The tourists who stopped the professor slept .	Did the professor sleep ?	no
The students who called the professor arrived .	Did the professor arrive ?	no
The secretaries that thanked the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	no
The professor who stopped the artist mentioned the judges .	Did the artist mention the judges ?	no
The presidents that stopped the student danced .	Did the student dance ?	no
The tourist who supported the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	no
The tourist who admired the judges advised the student .	Did the judges advise the student ?	no
The professors who stopped the athletes resigned .	Did the athletes resign ?	no
The managers that saw the banker danced .	Did the banker dance ?	no
The author who advised the lawyer supported the athlete .	Did the lawyer support the athlete ?	no
The manager that introduced the presidents called the student .	Did the presidents call the student ?	no
The banker that avoided the doctors called the professors .	Did the doctors call the professors ?	no
The students who saw the secretaries helped the lawyer .	Did the secretaries help the lawyer ?	no
The manager that helped the president admired the tourists .	Did the president admire the tourists ?	no
The author that encouraged the tourists avoided the artist .	Did the tourists avoid the artist ?	no
The senators that stopped the tourist recommended the author .	Did the tourist recommend the author ?	no
The students that encouraged the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	no
The authors who recommended the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	no
The scientist who called the actor helped the secretary .	Did the actor help the secretary ?	no
The tourist who thanked the actor shouted .	Did the actor shout ?	no
The judge that recommended the actor ran .	Did the actor run ?	no
The actors who believed the professors encouraged the secretary .	Did the professors encourage the secretary ?	no
The authors that saw the president performed .	Did the president perform ?	no
The bankers who believed the professor stopped the judges .	Did the professor stop the judges ?	no
The artists who saw the scientists arrived .	Did the scientists arrive ?	no
The actor that encouraged the athletes stopped the professor .	Did the athletes stop the professor ?	no
The presidents who helped the actor advised the banker .	Did the actor advise the banker ?	no
The president that recommended the scientist stopped the manager .	Did the scientist stop the manager ?	no
The president that recognized the students resigned .	Did the students resign ?	no
The president who encouraged the authors introduced the secretary .	Did the authors introduce the secretary ?	no
The student who recommended the doctor thanked the tourist .	Did the doctor thank the tourist ?	no
The professor that introduced the actor encouraged the manager .	Did the actor encourage the manager ?	no
The judge that called the senators avoided the secretaries .	Did the senators avoid the secretaries ?	no
The lawyers who called the authors mentioned the tourists .	Did the authors mention the tourists ?	no
The presidents that admired the senator ran .	Did the senator run ?	no
The athlete who called the senators recommended the doctors .	Did the senators recommend the doctors ?	no
The actor that admired the scientists called the tourists .	Did the scientists call the tourists ?	no
The actors that thanked the president resigned .	Did the president resign ?	no
The author that admired the tourists avoided the secretaries .	Did the tourists avoid the secretaries ?	no
The judge that advised the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	no
The secretaries who called the actor recognized the president .	Did the actor recognize the president ?	no
The doctors that supported the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	no
The athletes who introduced the manager recognized the senators .	Did the manager recognize the senators ?	no
The senator who supported the professor avoided the artist .	Did the professor avoid the artist ?	no
The authors that mentioned the tourists slept .	Did the tourists sleep ?	no
The professors that admired the tourists advised the presidents .	Did the tourists advise the presidents ?	no
The athletes that helped the lawyer introduced the doctor .	Did the lawyer introduce the doctor ?	no
The students that stopped the artists waited .	Did the artists wait ?	no
The doctor who helped the actors recognized the judges .	Did the actors recognize the judges ?	no
The actor who recognized the athletes admired the author .	Did the athletes admire the author ?	no
The judges that contacted the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	no
The tourists who introduced the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	no
The secretaries who advised the managers stopped the doctor .	Did the managers stop the doctor ?	no
The actor who recommended the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	no
The tourists that supported the bankers encouraged the athletes .	Did the bankers encourage the athletes ?	no
The artists that advised the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	no
The managers that advised the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	no
The professors who supported the doctors encouraged the presidents .	Did the doctors encourage the presidents ?	no
The athlete who called the secretaries introduced the bankers .	Did the secretaries introduce the bankers ?	no
The judge who believed the scientists slept .	Did the scientists sleep ?	no
The artists that believed the secretaries recognized the athlete .	Did the secretaries recognize the athlete ?	no
The actor who encouraged the banker introduced the students .	Did the banker introduce the students ?	no
The actors who avoided the professors helped the students .	Did the professors help the students ?	no
The lawyer who encouraged the bankers introduced the tourists .	Did the bankers introduce the tourists ?	no
The senators that called the actors supported the judges .	Did the actors support the judges ?	no
The senators that recommended the professor supported the artists .	Did the professor support the artists ?	no
The actor that introduced the judge mentioned the tourist .	Did the judge mention the tourist ?	no
The students that advised the secretary performed .	Did the secretary perform ?	no
The manager who called the doctors mentioned the senators .	Did the doctors mention the senators ?	no
The athlete that recognized the senator recommended the actor .	Did the senator recommend the actor ?	no
The artists who encouraged the student saw the managers .	Did the student see the managers ?	no
The senators that encouraged the artist stopped the lawyers .	Did the artist stop the lawyers ?	no
The bankers who avoided the senators resigned .	Did the senators resign ?	no
The students who admired the artists mentioned the professor .	Did the artists mention the professor ?	no
The tourist that stopped the lawyers admired the senators .	Did the lawyers admire the senators ?	no
The artists that recognized the tourists supported the secretaries .	Did the tourists support the secretaries ?	no
The student who recognized the president believed the professor .	Did the president believe the professor ?	no
The athlete who contacted the scientists stopped the managers .	Did the scientists stop the managers ?	no
The actors who supported the doctors admired the judges .	Did the doctors admire the judges ?	no
The athletes who advised the professors encouraged the actor .	Did the professors encourage the actor ?	no
The judge that helped the doctor recommended the actor .	Did the doctor recommend the actor ?	no
The doctor that admired the presidents introduced the lawyers .	Did the presidents introduce the lawyers ?	no
The secretary that mentioned the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	no
The president who helped the athlete contacted the scientists .	Did the athlete contact the scientists ?	no
The tourist who helped the judge slept .	Did the judge sleep ?	no
The senators who contacted the authors introduced the lawyers .	Did the authors introduce the lawyers ?	no
The judges who encouraged the bankers ran .	Did the bankers run ?	no
The judges who saw the senator believed the secretaries .	Did the senator believe the secretaries ?	no
The secretary who introduced the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	no
The professors that called the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	no
The lawyer that contacted the scientists avoided the athletes .	Did the scientists avoid the athletes ?	no
The athlete that thanked the lawyers called the president .	Did the lawyers call the president ?	no
The student who called the authors avoided the secretary .	Did the authors avoid the secretary ?	no
The tourists that recognized the students avoided the banker .	Did the students avoid the banker ?	no
The lawyers who avoided the athlete saw the secretaries .	Did the athlete see the secretaries ?	no
The senator that recognized the actors waited .	Did the actors wait ?	no
The scientists that introduced the bankers encouraged the presidents .	Did the bankers encourage the presidents ?	no
The professors that called the student mentioned the doctor .	Did the student mention the doctor ?	no
The students who believed the senators contacted the authors .	Did the senators contact the authors ?	no
The judges that contacted the managers arrived .	Did the managers arrive ?	no
The actor who contacted the senators advised the artists .	Did the senators advise the artists ?	no
The lawyers that thanked the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	no
The scientist that advised the actors recognized the tourists .	Did the actors recognize the tourists ?	no
The scientists who believed the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	no
The bankers who mentioned the scientists helped the judge .	Did the scientists help the judge ?	no
The bankers that saw the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	no
The lawyer who encouraged the doctor supported the student .	Did the doctor support the student ?	no
The managers who saw the banker mentioned the students .	Did the banker mention the students ?	no
The athlete who supported the professors shouted .	Did the professors shout ?	no
The president who mentioned the senator encouraged the tourist .	Did the senator encourage the tourist ?	no
The student who recommended the judge called the athletes .	Did the judge call the athletes ?	no
The student that avoided the president performed .	Did the president perform ?	no
The scientists who admired the actors ran .	Did the actors run ?	no
The bankers who admired the manager encouraged the lawyers .	Did the manager encourage the lawyers ?	no
The students who recommended the judge mentioned the president .	Did the judge mention the president ?	no
The scientist who contacted the artist resigned .	Did the artist resign ?	no
The secretary that thanked the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	no
The student who recognized the artist thanked the banker .	Did the artist thank the banker ?	no
The senator who advised the tourist stopped the lawyers .	Did the tourist stop the lawyers ?	no
The secretaries who stopped the bankers encouraged the tourists .	Did the bankers encourage the tourists ?	no
The secretaries that supported the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	no
The tourist who contacted the lawyer recognized the student .	Did the lawyer recognize the student ?	no
The actors who advised the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	no
The managers who mentioned the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	no
The scientist who advised the presidents saw the professors .	Did the presidents see the professors ?	no
The professors who mentioned the banker slept .	Did the banker sleep ?	no
The scientists that thanked the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	no
The tourist that called the secretary performed .	Did the secretary perform ?	no
The artist who introduced the doctors avoided the senator .	Did the doctors avoid the senator ?	no
The managers who saw the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	no
The presidents that stopped the senators supported the lawyers .	Did the senators support the lawyers ?	no
The actor who advised the senator called the doctors .	Did the senator call the doctors ?	no
The professor who saw the presidents stopped the tourist .	Did the presidents stop the tourist ?	no
The author that called the student waited .	Did the student wait ?	no
The scientist who avoided the tourist slept .	Did the tourist sleep ?	no
The president that advised the artists supported the author .	Did the artists support the author ?	no
The doctors who introduced the managers resigned .	Did the managers resign ?	no
The banker that contacted the scientists ran .	Did the scientists run ?	no
The manager that admired the tourists shouted .	Did the tourists shout ?	no
The actor that saw the author shouted .	Did the author shout ?	no
The artist who saw the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
The tourists who recommended the professor resigned .	Did the professor resign ?	no
The athletes who helped the actors called the tourists .	Did the actors call the tourists ?	no
The doctors who mentioned the lawyers ran .	Did the lawyers run ?	no
The senators that introduced the authors saw the students .	Did the authors see the students ?	no
The artist that saw the author encouraged the scientists .	Did the author encourage the scientists ?	no
The author that contacted the president believed the banker .	Did the president believe the banker ?	no
The student that believed the authors recognized the actors .	Did the authors recognize the actors ?	no
The judges that believed the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	no
The doctors who contacted the presidents admired the managers .	Did the presidents admire the managers ?	no
The actor who contacted the secretary avoided the students .	Did the secretary avoid the students ?	no
The authors who contacted the scientist slept .	Did the scientist sleep ?	no
The professors that helped the judge introduced the student .	Did the judge introduce the student ?	no
The students that called the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	no
The tourist that advised the scientist admired the actor .	Did the scientist admire the actor ?	no
The students who mentioned the banker thanked the lawyers .	Did the banker thank the lawyers ?	no
The artists that thanked the tourists stopped the judges .	Did the tourists stop the judges ?	no
The senator who helped the president thanked the professors .	Did the president thank the professors ?	no
The secretaries who mentioned the professors encouraged the students .	Did the professors encourage the students ?	no
The lawyers that believed the professors waited .	Did the professors wait ?	no
The scientist that contacted the judges advised the president .	Did the judges advise the president ?	no
The professors who introduced the secretary recommended the students .	Did the secretary recommend the students ?	no
The tourists that advised the actor called the lawyer .	Did the actor call the lawyer ?	no
The judges who contacted the bankers danced .	Did the bankers dance ?	no
The banker that encouraged the authors contacted the doctor .	Did the authors contact the doctor ?	no
The president that mentioned the doctor advised the scientists .	Did the doctor advise the scientists ?	no
The author who saw the scientist avoided the judge .	Did the scientist avoid the judge ?	no
The lawyers who advised the secretaries slept .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	no
The professor that admired the secretary supported the tourists .	Did the secretary support the tourists ?	no
The bankers who introduced the president ran .	Did the president run ?	no
The president that helped the student ran .	Did the student run ?	no
The students that called the professors mentioned the senators .	Did the professors mention the senators ?	no
The professor who called the doctor believed the lawyer .	Did the doctor believe the lawyer ?	no
The secretary that stopped the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	no
The presidents who called the artists saw the lawyers .	Did the artists see the lawyers ?	no
The doctors who helped the banker avoided the artists .	Did the banker avoid the artists ?	no
The lawyer who avoided the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	no
The artist who helped the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	no
The professor that thanked the actor slept .	Did the actor sleep ?	no
The lawyers who thanked the senators supported the scientist .	Did the senators support the scientist ?	no
The artist that advised the actors arrived .	Did the actors arrive ?	no
The managers that helped the author avoided the judge .	Did the author avoid the judge ?	no
The author that helped the actors contacted the senator .	Did the actors contact the senator ?	no
The actor who contacted the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	no
The authors that contacted the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	no
The artists that thanked the judges avoided the athlete .	Did the judges avoid the athlete ?	no
The president who recognized the athletes thanked the manager .	Did the athletes thank the manager ?	no
The student who called the bankers stopped the senator .	Did the bankers stop the senator ?	no
The author who called the secretary contacted the presidents .	Did the secretary contact the presidents ?	no
The bankers that avoided the scientists recommended the artists .	Did the scientists recommend the artists ?	no
The tourist who admired the doctors advised the managers .	Did the doctors advise the managers ?	no
The students that saw the doctors recognized the professor .	Did the doctors recognize the professor ?	no
The artist that advised the student saw the lawyers .	Did the student see the lawyers ?	no
The secretary that encouraged the doctor recognized the actors .	Did the doctor recognize the actors ?	no
The artist that avoided the senators recognized the secretary .	Did the senators recognize the secretary ?	no
The artist that thanked the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	no
The senator that called the banker stopped the doctor .	Did the banker stop the doctor ?	no
The professors who saw the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	no
The judges who avoided the managers helped the athlete .	Did the managers help the athlete ?	no
The judges that admired the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	no
The managers who recognized the author ran .	Did the author run ?	no
The senators that helped the tourist ran .	Did the tourist run ?	no
The artists who encouraged the judges saw the author .	Did the judges see the author ?	no
The authors that recommended the lawyer encouraged the bankers .	Did the lawyer encourage the bankers ?	no
The author that mentioned the artists ran .	Did the artists run ?	no
The lawyer who supported the manager ran .	Did the manager run ?	no
The bankers who stopped the professor arrived .	Did the professor arrive ?	no
The manager who avoided the scientist thanked the artists .	Did the scientist thank the artists ?	no
The tourist who called the professor waited .	Did the professor wait ?	no
The athletes who avoided the banker believed the artist .	Did the banker believe the artist ?	no
The judges that mentioned the student resigned .	Did the student resign ?	no
The president who supported the bankers danced .	Did the bankers dance ?	no
The senators that believed the actor recommended the authors .	Did the actor recommend the authors ?	no
The lawyer that avoided the manager performed .	Did the manager perform ?	no
The doctors that admired the student believed the scientists .	Did the student believe the scientists ?	no
The senator who stopped the tourists recognized the author .	Did the tourists recognize the author ?	no
The scientist that helped the doctors called the authors .	Did the doctors call the authors ?	no
The presidents that recommended the scientists saw the tourist .	Did the scientists see the tourist ?	no
The scientists who thanked the professors recognized the bankers .	Did the professors recognize the bankers ?	no
The artists who mentioned the authors recommended the doctor .	Did the authors recommend the doctor ?	no
The judges who introduced the president mentioned the secretary .	Did the president mention the secretary ?	no
The author that saw the lawyers admired the senator .	Did the lawyers admire the senator ?	no
The authors that supported the doctor avoided the secretaries .	Did the doctor avoid the secretaries ?	no
The tourist that saw the bankers arrived .	Did the bankers arrive ?	no
The scientists that called the doctor contacted the managers .	Did the doctor contact the managers ?	no
The lawyers who saw the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	no
The artists that stopped the professors recognized the judge .	Did the professors recognize the judge ?	no
The managers that stopped the judge mentioned the professor .	Did the judge mention the professor ?	no
The secretaries that thanked the artist called the president .	Did the artist call the president ?	no
The lawyers who advised the scientist called the professor .	Did the scientist call the professor ?	no
The actors who contacted the student danced .	Did the student dance ?	no
The doctors who helped the presidents contacted the judges .	Did the presidents contact the judges ?	no
The scientist that saw the doctors ran .	Did the doctors run ?	no
The actor that advised the student introduced the banker .	Did the student introduce the banker ?	no
The author that supported the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	no
The judges who introduced the doctors mentioned the tourist .	Did the doctors mention the tourist ?	no
The judge that recommended the artists contacted the athlete .	Did the artists contact the athlete ?	no
The senator who recognized the author introduced the doctor .	Did the author introduce the doctor ?	no
The professor who avoided the managers danced .	Did the managers dance ?	no
The lawyers that supported the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	no
The doctor that encouraged the professor ran .	Did the professor run ?	no
The manager that recognized the artists called the senator .	Did the artists call the senator ?	no
The banker that called the author danced .	Did the author dance ?	no
The actor who saw the secretary waited .	Did the secretary wait ?	no
The artists who avoided the professor ran .	Did the professor run ?	no
The secretaries that called the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	no
The artist that saw the secretaries called the authors .	Did the secretaries call the authors ?	no
The president who encouraged the secretary advised the athlete .	Did the secretary advise the athlete ?	no
The artists who called the athlete recommended the authors .	Did the athlete recommend the authors ?	no
The actors who helped the professors called the doctor .	Did the professors call the doctor ?	no
The president that stopped the actor believed the athletes .	Did the actor believe the athletes ?	no
The manager that advised the professor danced .	Did the professor dance ?	no
The lawyer who supported the students advised the secretaries .	Did the students advise the secretaries ?	no
The student that called the bankers thanked the president .	Did the bankers thank the president ?	no
The artist that supported the athlete introduced the lawyer .	Did the athlete introduce the lawyer ?	no
The actor who introduced the secretaries slept .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	no
The author that stopped the scientist recognized the actors .	Did the scientist recognize the actors ?	no
The senators that mentioned the artists helped the actor .	Did the artists help the actor ?	no
The students that introduced the scientist supported the author .	Did the scientist support the author ?	no
The president who avoided the professors resigned .	Did the professors resign ?	no
The judge who saw the doctors encouraged the actors .	Did the doctors encourage the actors ?	no
The secretaries who saw the presidents encouraged the bankers .	Did the presidents encourage the bankers ?	no
The scientists who helped the doctor encouraged the managers .	Did the doctor encourage the managers ?	no
The president who thanked the scientist advised the senator .	Did the scientist advise the senator ?	no
The tourists who encouraged the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	no
The authors who thanked the students recognized the lawyer .	Did the students recognize the lawyer ?	no
The manager that believed the doctors encouraged the presidents .	Did the doctors encourage the presidents ?	no
The actor that advised the author arrived .	Did the author arrive ?	no
The senator that advised the actors recognized the managers .	Did the actors recognize the managers ?	no
The athletes that admired the student helped the bankers .	Did the student help the bankers ?	no
The scientists who introduced the tourist danced .	Did the tourist dance ?	no
The athletes who advised the secretaries recommended the presidents .	Did the secretaries recommend the presidents ?	no
The professors who supported the doctor introduced the scientists .	Did the doctor introduce the scientists ?	no
The senators that believed the doctors contacted the athlete .	Did the doctors contact the athlete ?	no
The athlete who saw the tourist thanked the artist .	Did the tourist thank the artist ?	no
The authors who mentioned the student advised the secretary .	Did the student advise the secretary ?	no
The secretaries that contacted the senator recognized the banker .	Did the senator recognize the banker ?	no
The doctors that thanked the athletes performed .	Did the athletes perform ?	no
The manager that mentioned the secretaries recognized the presidents .	Did the secretaries recognize the presidents ?	no
The professor who stopped the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	no
The senators who advised the secretary believed the student .	Did the secretary believe the student ?	no
The scientist that encouraged the tourists shouted .	Did the tourists shout ?	no
The senator who stopped the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	no
The students who recommended the president admired the athletes .	Did the president admire the athletes ?	no
The actor that mentioned the authors slept .	Did the authors sleep ?	no
The presidents that helped the athlete resigned .	Did the athlete resign ?	no
The secretaries that helped the student recommended the actors .	Did the student recommend the actors ?	no
The lawyers that encouraged the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	no
The doctors who believed the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	no
The artists that admired the senators supported the athletes .	Did the senators support the athletes ?	no
The managers who thanked the athletes encouraged the students .	Did the athletes encourage the students ?	no
The scientist that encouraged the tourist mentioned the author .	Did the tourist mention the author ?	no
The banker that saw the president stopped the professors .	Did the president stop the professors ?	no
The tourists who recommended the authors avoided the professor .	Did the authors avoid the professor ?	no
The professors who helped the secretaries mentioned the student .	Did the secretaries mention the student ?	no
The artists who encouraged the presidents ran .	Did the presidents run ?	no
The author that thanked the judge resigned .	Did the judge resign ?	no
The banker that believed the artist encouraged the author .	Did the artist encourage the author ?	no
The scientists who mentioned the students recognized the judge .	Did the students recognize the judge ?	no
The doctors who helped the artist arrived .	Did the artist arrive ?	no
The authors that stopped the senators recommended the judge .	Did the senators recommend the judge ?	no
The artists that recommended the tourist helped the judges .	Did the tourist help the judges ?	no
The artist that admired the manager saw the senator .	Did the manager see the senator ?	no
The authors who supported the bankers thanked the athlete .	Did the bankers thank the athlete ?	no
The senator that called the athletes supported the professors .	Did the athletes support the professors ?	no
The senator that recognized the scientist avoided the president .	Did the scientist avoid the president ?	no
The senators who advised the professors shouted .	Did the professors shout ?	no
The authors that recommended the artist slept .	Did the artist sleep ?	no
The president who supported the student recognized the senator .	Did the student recognize the senator ?	no
The doctor who encouraged the lawyer helped the artists .	Did the lawyer help the artists ?	no
The authors who contacted the doctors saw the actor .	Did the doctors see the actor ?	no
The lawyer that encouraged the presidents supported the bankers .	Did the presidents support the bankers ?	no
The scientists who contacted the secretaries encouraged the senator .	Did the secretaries encourage the senator ?	no
The actor that stopped the banker contacted the artists .	Did the banker contact the artists ?	no
The athletes who saw the senator recommended the professors .	Did the senator recommend the professors ?	no
The scientists that stopped the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	no
The tourist who recognized the actor stopped the students .	Did the actor stop the students ?	no
The tourists that helped the professors avoided the lawyers .	Did the professors avoid the lawyers ?	no
The presidents that introduced the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	no
The authors who contacted the lawyers avoided the banker .	Did the lawyers avoid the banker ?	no
The actor who mentioned the athletes advised the president .	Did the athletes advise the president ?	no
The artists who believed the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	no
The scientists who believed the senator recognized the athletes .	Did the senator recognize the athletes ?	no
The manager that advised the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	no
The senator that called the professor danced .	Did the professor dance ?	no
The athlete that mentioned the manager helped the senator .	Did the manager help the senator ?	no
The tourist that thanked the secretaries contacted the athletes .	Did the secretaries contact the athletes ?	no
The artists who recommended the presidents called the professors .	Did the presidents call the professors ?	no
The professors who mentioned the students performed .	Did the students perform ?	no
The scientist who called the manager thanked the doctor .	Did the manager thank the doctor ?	no
The athletes that called the managers contacted the banker .	Did the managers contact the banker ?	no
The actor that helped the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	no
The judges that encouraged the professor recognized the athlete .	Did the professor recognize the athlete ?	no
The artists who stopped the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	no
The manager that recognized the scientists supported the athletes .	Did the scientists support the athletes ?	no
The senator who recommended the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	no
The senators who recognized the president saw the judge .	Did the president see the judge ?	no
The student that thanked the athlete recommended the banker .	Did the athlete recommend the banker ?	no
The judges who recognized the actors helped the tourists .	Did the actors help the tourists ?	no
The authors that thanked the tourist advised the artists .	Did the tourist advise the artists ?	no
The doctor who stopped the manager introduced the authors .	Did the manager introduce the authors ?	no
The presidents that contacted the bankers avoided the lawyers .	Did the bankers avoid the lawyers ?	no
The scientists that recommended the president encouraged the actors .	Did the president encourage the actors ?	no
The students who introduced the tourists ran .	Did the tourists run ?	no
The actor who recognized the managers arrived .	Did the managers arrive ?	no
The athletes who advised the president thanked the judges .	Did the president thank the judges ?	no
The scientists who helped the professors avoided the president .	Did the professors avoid the president ?	no
The tourist that thanked the managers avoided the scientists .	Did the managers avoid the scientists ?	no
The tourists that recognized the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	no
The judge that called the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	no
The banker who recommended the professors helped the authors .	Did the professors help the authors ?	no
The judge who recognized the lawyers stopped the manager .	Did the lawyers stop the manager ?	no
The lawyer that mentioned the actor waited .	Did the actor wait ?	no
The secretaries that mentioned the president recognized the authors .	Did the president recognize the authors ?	no
The judges that avoided the scientist ran .	Did the scientist run ?	no
The judge that thanked the scientists called the secretaries .	Did the scientists call the secretaries ?	no
The tourists who saw the senator introduced the actors .	Did the senator introduce the actors ?	no
The professor who thanked the students helped the banker .	Did the students help the banker ?	no
The managers that thanked the doctor called the banker .	Did the doctor call the banker ?	no
The students who thanked the manager saw the scientists .	Did the manager see the scientists ?	no
The judge that called the president avoided the athlete .	Did the president avoid the athlete ?	no
The doctor who believed the banker saw the lawyers .	Did the banker see the lawyers ?	no
The student who helped the banker advised the managers .	Did the banker advise the managers ?	no
The bankers that supported the athlete arrived .	Did the athlete arrive ?	no
The artist who contacted the author thanked the manager .	Did the author thank the manager ?	no
The judge who believed the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	no
The scientists who admired the judges encouraged the tourist .	Did the judges encourage the tourist ?	no
The athletes that recognized the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	no
The actor that introduced the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	no
The actors who mentioned the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	no
The secretary who encouraged the artists contacted the senator .	Did the artists contact the senator ?	no
The actor who believed the scientists advised the managers .	Did the scientists advise the managers ?	no
The actor who mentioned the students introduced the doctors .	Did the students introduce the doctors ?	no
The doctor who recognized the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	no
The artists that introduced the doctors called the students .	Did the doctors call the students ?	no
The presidents who contacted the actor mentioned the professor .	Did the actor mention the professor ?	no
The athletes who recognized the author recommended the judges .	Did the author recommend the judges ?	no
The secretary that encouraged the author helped the scientists .	Did the author help the scientists ?	no
The president that recommended the manager avoided the authors .	Did the manager avoid the authors ?	no
The judge who advised the artist waited .	Did the artist wait ?	no
The student that stopped the professor introduced the secretary .	Did the professor introduce the secretary ?	no
The lawyer who admired the athletes contacted the doctors .	Did the athletes contact the doctors ?	no
The senators that mentioned the actors contacted the bankers .	Did the actors contact the bankers ?	no
The athlete that advised the senator believed the judges .	Did the senator believe the judges ?	no
The student who stopped the judges called the actors .	Did the judges call the actors ?	no
The professor that admired the doctors recognized the senator .	Did the doctors recognize the senator ?	no
The senators that stopped the managers saw the bankers .	Did the managers see the bankers ?	no
The students that recommended the judge recognized the professors .	Did the judge recognize the professors ?	no
The secretary that recognized the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	no
The bankers that mentioned the judge supported the actor .	Did the judge support the actor ?	no
The artists who recognized the presidents advised the banker .	Did the presidents advise the banker ?	no
The secretaries that supported the senators mentioned the authors .	Did the senators mention the authors ?	no
The professors who introduced the senators contacted the students .	Did the senators contact the students ?	no
The presidents that introduced the scientists admired the author .	Did the scientists admire the author ?	no
The manager that recognized the banker thanked the doctors .	Did the banker thank the doctors ?	no
The lawyers that recommended the doctor resigned .	Did the doctor resign ?	no
The managers that encouraged the professor called the bankers .	Did the professor call the bankers ?	no
The athlete who advised the actors ran .	Did the actors run ?	no
The judges who supported the managers ran .	Did the managers run ?	no
The artists that thanked the students supported the lawyer .	Did the students support the lawyer ?	no
The lawyers who encouraged the professor danced .	Did the professor dance ?	no
The student who contacted the secretaries encouraged the president .	Did the secretaries encourage the president ?	no
The students that contacted the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	no
The senator who introduced the athlete contacted the actors .	Did the athlete contact the actors ?	no
The senators who recognized the secretary supported the professor .	Did the secretary support the professor ?	no
The artist that advised the doctors stopped the athlete .	Did the doctors stop the athlete ?	no
The lawyer that thanked the secretaries saw the manager .	Did the secretaries see the manager ?	no
The students who saw the scientist mentioned the authors .	Did the scientist mention the authors ?	no
The student that advised the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	no
The tourist that recommended the professors admired the secretary .	Did the professors admire the secretary ?	no
The secretary that believed the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	no
The scientists who called the lawyer mentioned the president .	Did the lawyer mention the president ?	no
The doctors that helped the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	no
The judges who recommended the secretaries stopped the lawyers .	Did the secretaries stop the lawyers ?	no
The secretaries who helped the bankers called the actors .	Did the bankers call the actors ?	no
The athlete who contacted the secretaries stopped the lawyer .	Did the secretaries stop the lawyer ?	no
The author that believed the students saw the managers .	Did the students see the managers ?	no
The athletes who introduced the tourist recognized the lawyer .	Did the tourist recognize the lawyer ?	no
The student who supported the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	no
The secretary that saw the senators called the professors .	Did the senators call the professors ?	no
The senators that saw the tourist stopped the secretaries .	Did the tourist stop the secretaries ?	no
The secretaries who admired the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	no
The banker who mentioned the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	no
The presidents who supported the author performed .	Did the author perform ?	no
The student that called the president advised the judges .	Did the president advise the judges ?	no
The athletes who recognized the scientist mentioned the artist .	Did the scientist mention the artist ?	no
The bankers who mentioned the senators introduced the judges .	Did the senators introduce the judges ?	no
The senator who recommended the author performed .	Did the author perform ?	no
The doctor who stopped the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	no
The author that believed the managers supported the actor .	Did the managers support the actor ?	no
The athlete that called the banker encouraged the professors .	Did the banker encourage the professors ?	no
The senator that mentioned the secretaries thanked the doctors .	Did the secretaries thank the doctors ?	no
The professor that recognized the artists ran .	Did the artists run ?	no
The judges who admired the presidents encouraged the student .	Did the presidents encourage the student ?	no
The banker who contacted the actor advised the artists .	Did the actor advise the artists ?	no
The doctors who recognized the lawyer mentioned the managers .	Did the lawyer mention the managers ?	no
The managers that believed the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	no
The scientists that advised the doctors recommended the athletes .	Did the doctors recommend the athletes ?	no
The scientist who supported the athlete admired the student .	Did the athlete admire the student ?	no
The students that recognized the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	no
The artist that called the lawyers advised the students .	Did the lawyers advise the students ?	no
The scientist that supported the secretaries recommended the professor .	Did the secretaries recommend the professor ?	no
The professors who advised the judge thanked the president .	Did the judge thank the president ?	no
The managers that recognized the actors admired the tourist .	Did the actors admire the tourist ?	no
The doctors that advised the banker thanked the artist .	Did the banker thank the artist ?	no
The doctors that encouraged the actors saw the athletes .	Did the actors see the athletes ?	no
The president who contacted the scientist slept .	Did the scientist sleep ?	no
The senator that supported the manager called the tourists .	Did the manager call the tourists ?	no
The authors that believed the tourists mentioned the artist .	Did the tourists mention the artist ?	no
The author that avoided the scientists saw the bankers .	Did the scientists see the bankers ?	no
The athlete that introduced the scientist thanked the lawyer .	Did the scientist thank the lawyer ?	no
The managers who mentioned the bankers introduced the tourists .	Did the bankers introduce the tourists ?	no
The doctors who avoided the lawyer waited .	Did the lawyer wait ?	no
The professor who contacted the lawyers ran .	Did the lawyers run ?	no
The lawyer that avoided the artist helped the author .	Did the artist help the author ?	no
The authors that recognized the artist arrived .	Did the artist arrive ?	no
The actors that believed the senator avoided the author .	Did the senator avoid the author ?	no
The tourist that admired the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	no
The actor that introduced the artists arrived .	Did the artists arrive ?	no
The artists who saw the managers called the senators .	Did the managers call the senators ?	no
The scientist that called the actors introduced the doctor .	Did the actors introduce the doctor ?	no
The senator who thanked the student ran .	Did the student run ?	no
The authors that helped the doctors stopped the professors .	Did the doctors stop the professors ?	no
The authors that encouraged the presidents thanked the doctors .	Did the presidents thank the doctors ?	no
The bankers that recognized the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	no
The artist who supported the lawyer thanked the actor .	Did the lawyer thank the actor ?	no
The athlete who supported the artists thanked the lawyers .	Did the artists thank the lawyers ?	no
The authors who encouraged the doctor admired the manager .	Did the doctor admire the manager ?	no
The scientist that advised the student encouraged the tourists .	Did the student encourage the tourists ?	no
The banker that believed the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	no
The professors that recommended the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	no
The scientists who supported the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	no
The artists who contacted the doctor waited .	Did the doctor wait ?	no
The athlete who believed the actors slept .	Did the actors sleep ?	no
The judges that supported the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	no
The scientists who avoided the athletes danced .	Did the athletes dance ?	no
The athletes that recognized the artists encouraged the senator .	Did the artists encourage the senator ?	no
The professors that admired the authors waited .	Did the authors wait ?	no
The student who helped the professor called the scientists .	Did the professor call the scientists ?	no
The scientist who recognized the tourists saw the actors .	Did the tourists see the actors ?	no
The judges that mentioned the secretary performed .	Did the secretary perform ?	no
The actor who contacted the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	no
The athletes who introduced the actor avoided the doctor .	Did the actor avoid the doctor ?	no
The judge that believed the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	no
The actor that admired the doctor believed the judges .	Did the doctor believe the judges ?	no
The actor who thanked the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	no
The banker who avoided the tourist mentioned the artist .	Did the tourist mention the artist ?	no
The lawyers that encouraged the professor saw the authors .	Did the professor see the authors ?	no
The actors who introduced the author avoided the scientists .	Did the author avoid the scientists ?	no
The authors that admired the tourists mentioned the doctor .	Did the tourists mention the doctor ?	no
The doctor who encouraged the lawyer arrived .	Did the lawyer arrive ?	no
The bankers who helped the judges recommended the presidents .	Did the judges recommend the presidents ?	no
The banker that helped the artist introduced the secretaries .	Did the artist introduce the secretaries ?	no
The senators who contacted the bankers recommended the secretaries .	Did the bankers recommend the secretaries ?	no
The managers who introduced the doctor resigned .	Did the doctor resign ?	no
The manager that recommended the author resigned .	Did the author resign ?	no
The artist that helped the authors believed the judges .	Did the authors believe the judges ?	no
The artist who thanked the authors recognized the professors .	Did the authors recognize the professors ?	no
The judge that introduced the professors encouraged the actors .	Did the professors encourage the actors ?	no
The president that recommended the senator thanked the artist .	Did the senator thank the artist ?	no
The secretary that thanked the doctor introduced the scientist .	Did the doctor introduce the scientist ?	no
The senators who mentioned the actor waited .	Did the actor wait ?	no
The secretary who recognized the tourists supported the senators .	Did the tourists support the senators ?	no
The students that saw the senator contacted the scientist .	Did the senator contact the scientist ?	no
The presidents who helped the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	no
The artists who believed the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	no
The author who mentioned the lawyer thanked the managers .	Did the lawyer thank the managers ?	no
The judges who admired the artists introduced the senator .	Did the artists introduce the senator ?	no
The authors who recommended the tourists contacted the student .	Did the tourists contact the student ?	no
The scientist that encouraged the president recognized the athletes .	Did the president recognize the athletes ?	no
The scientists that supported the author ran .	Did the author run ?	no
The student who saw the banker avoided the artist .	Did the banker avoid the artist ?	no
The authors who supported the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	no
The manager that called the senators danced .	Did the senators dance ?	no
The judges who called the professors encouraged the secretaries .	Did the professors encourage the secretaries ?	no
The senator who admired the scientist waited .	Did the scientist wait ?	no
The presidents who avoided the judges thanked the banker .	Did the judges thank the banker ?	no
The judge who contacted the professor stopped the actor .	Did the professor stop the actor ?	no
The judge who recommended the professor advised the lawyers .	Did the professor advise the lawyers ?	no
The professors that supported the student ran .	Did the student run ?	no
The athlete who helped the actors thanked the artists .	Did the actors thank the artists ?	no
The athlete who avoided the secretaries mentioned the banker .	Did the secretaries mention the banker ?	no
The student that believed the lawyer encouraged the athletes .	Did the lawyer encourage the athletes ?	no
The authors that thanked the managers waited .	Did the managers wait ?	no
The actors that advised the bankers encouraged the managers .	Did the bankers encourage the managers ?	no
The tourists that supported the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	no
The president that advised the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	no
The doctor who saw the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	no
The senator that contacted the tourists supported the student .	Did the tourists support the student ?	no
The professor who helped the students introduced the doctors .	Did the students introduce the doctors ?	no
The professor that avoided the lawyer introduced the artist .	Did the lawyer introduce the artist ?	no
The manager that recommended the judge believed the author .	Did the judge believe the author ?	no
The athletes that admired the judges encouraged the banker .	Did the judges encourage the banker ?	no
The bankers that encouraged the president supported the author .	Did the president support the author ?	no
The student who advised the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	no
The judges who recommended the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	no
The manager that introduced the doctor recommended the senator .	Did the doctor recommend the senator ?	no
The professors who advised the judges recommended the athletes .	Did the judges recommend the athletes ?	no
The actor who recognized the athletes contacted the student .	Did the athletes contact the student ?	no
The manager who avoided the banker performed .	Did the banker perform ?	no
The doctors that believed the authors contacted the student .	Did the authors contact the student ?	no
The secretary who stopped the judges ran .	Did the judges run ?	no
The actor that encouraged the banker believed the judges .	Did the banker believe the judges ?	no
The senator that admired the lawyers called the actor .	Did the lawyers call the actor ?	no
The president that supported the doctor recommended the artists .	Did the doctor recommend the artists ?	no
The authors that introduced the manager contacted the lawyers .	Did the manager contact the lawyers ?	no
The secretary who supported the actors admired the judges .	Did the actors admire the judges ?	no
The presidents that encouraged the doctor stopped the senators .	Did the doctor stop the senators ?	no
The scientist who recognized the authors stopped the senators .	Did the authors stop the senators ?	no
The president who supported the actor advised the doctor .	Did the actor advise the doctor ?	no
The athlete that supported the doctor helped the scientists .	Did the doctor help the scientists ?	no
The athletes who thanked the secretaries introduced the bankers .	Did the secretaries introduce the bankers ?	no
The athletes who helped the actor called the professor .	Did the actor call the professor ?	no
The professors who admired the student resigned .	Did the student resign ?	no
The athletes that supported the students helped the presidents .	Did the students help the presidents ?	no
The manager that advised the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
The doctors who called the presidents saw the tourist .	Did the presidents see the tourist ?	no
The professor that avoided the actor thanked the tourists .	Did the actor thank the tourists ?	no
The scientists that saw the judges arrived .	Did the judges arrive ?	no
The athletes that supported the author avoided the tourists .	Did the author avoid the tourists ?	no
The author who mentioned the presidents admired the lawyer .	Did the presidents admire the lawyer ?	no
The athlete who thanked the actors arrived .	Did the actors arrive ?	no
The artist who contacted the doctor saw the lawyers .	Did the doctor see the lawyers ?	no
The bankers that called the secretary avoided the tourists .	Did the secretary avoid the tourists ?	no
The authors who admired the student recommended the doctors .	Did the student recommend the doctors ?	no
The lawyers that mentioned the student advised the actors .	Did the student advise the actors ?	no
The authors who believed the lawyers supported the artists .	Did the lawyers support the artists ?	no
The actors that thanked the senators contacted the judge .	Did the senators contact the judge ?	no
The professors that supported the tourists believed the athlete .	Did the tourists believe the athlete ?	no
The presidents who called the senators mentioned the doctors .	Did the senators mention the doctors ?	no
The senators that believed the lawyer arrived .	Did the lawyer arrive ?	no
The professors who recommended the doctor believed the secretaries .	Did the doctor believe the secretaries ?	no
The lawyers that contacted the doctors avoided the student .	Did the doctors avoid the student ?	no
The senators that contacted the student ran .	Did the student run ?	no
The authors that admired the tourists avoided the judge .	Did the tourists avoid the judge ?	no
The artist who contacted the scientist avoided the athletes .	Did the scientist avoid the athletes ?	no
The athlete that avoided the tourists introduced the senator .	Did the tourists introduce the senator ?	no
The tourist who thanked the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	no
The professor who thanked the doctors performed .	Did the doctors perform ?	no
The secretaries that encouraged the actor avoided the professor .	Did the actor avoid the professor ?	no
The professor who recommended the judges admired the scientists .	Did the judges admire the scientists ?	no
The secretaries that admired the professors mentioned the presidents .	Did the professors mention the presidents ?	no
The judge that helped the artist resigned .	Did the artist resign ?	no
The judge that introduced the banker avoided the professors .	Did the banker avoid the professors ?	no
The doctor that helped the judge recognized the scientists .	Did the judge recognize the scientists ?	no
The president who helped the artist advised the athlete .	Did the artist advise the athlete ?	no
The professor that admired the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	no
The authors that supported the artists advised the president .	Did the artists advise the president ?	no
The scientists who admired the president called the banker .	Did the president call the banker ?	no
The actor who saw the lawyers resigned .	Did the lawyers resign ?	no
The lawyer that encouraged the senator thanked the manager .	Did the senator thank the manager ?	no
The banker who avoided the athlete ran .	Did the athlete run ?	no
The senator who supported the lawyers resigned .	Did the lawyers resign ?	no
The scientist that thanked the artist saw the senator .	Did the artist see the senator ?	no
The judge who thanked the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	no
The artist who avoided the student contacted the tourist .	Did the student contact the tourist ?	no
The senators who called the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	no
The judge who introduced the presidents recommended the scientist .	Did the presidents recommend the scientist ?	no
The lawyers who encouraged the professors avoided the judge .	Did the professors avoid the judge ?	no
The athletes who contacted the authors believed the student .	Did the authors believe the student ?	no
The secretary that stopped the tourist introduced the students .	Did the tourist introduce the students ?	no
The scientists that recognized the professors mentioned the presidents .	Did the professors mention the presidents ?	no
The students who called the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	no
The actor that encouraged the managers admired the author .	Did the managers admire the author ?	no
The student who contacted the managers shouted .	Did the managers shout ?	no
The manager that introduced the professor recognized the judges .	Did the professor recognize the judges ?	no
The student who contacted the presidents resigned .	Did the presidents resign ?	no
The judges who helped the senators resigned .	Did the senators resign ?	no
The secretary that contacted the artists shouted .	Did the artists shout ?	no
The student who believed the president stopped the judges .	Did the president stop the judges ?	no
The secretary that contacted the doctors slept .	Did the doctors sleep ?	no
The artists that avoided the author recommended the doctor .	Did the author recommend the doctor ?	no
The judges that saw the students supported the secretaries .	Did the students support the secretaries ?	no
The actors who called the author believed the senator .	Did the author believe the senator ?	no
The authors who encouraged the actors waited .	Did the actors wait ?	no
The manager who recognized the senator believed the athletes .	Did the senator believe the athletes ?	no
The doctor that admired the senator arrived .	Did the senator arrive ?	no
The presidents who avoided the artist shouted .	Did the artist shout ?	no
The tourist that advised the scientists recognized the secretary .	Did the scientists recognize the secretary ?	no
The bankers who admired the secretary ran .	Did the secretary run ?	no
The actors that mentioned the scientist supported the student .	Did the scientist support the student ?	no
The athletes that advised the artist recommended the judge .	Did the artist recommend the judge ?	no
The professors that recognized the scientist recommended the secretary .	Did the scientist recommend the secretary ?	no
The president who believed the authors contacted the secretaries .	Did the authors contact the secretaries ?	no
The authors that helped the lawyers called the presidents .	Did the lawyers call the presidents ?	no
The student that saw the bankers recommended the athlete .	Did the bankers recommend the athlete ?	no
The president who avoided the athletes called the judge .	Did the athletes call the judge ?	no
The senators who stopped the secretaries performed .	Did the secretaries perform ?	no
The secretary that called the scientist performed .	Did the scientist perform ?	no
The president that advised the artists mentioned the students .	Did the artists mention the students ?	no
The athletes that supported the artist recognized the doctors .	Did the artist recognize the doctors ?	no
The artists that helped the banker recognized the tourist .	Did the banker recognize the tourist ?	no
The artist who helped the professor saw the senator .	Did the professor see the senator ?	no
The secretary that introduced the athlete waited .	Did the athlete wait ?	no
The secretary that stopped the athlete resigned .	Did the athlete resign ?	no
The authors that admired the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	no
The president who stopped the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	no
The secretary who contacted the manager called the lawyers .	Did the manager call the lawyers ?	no
The author who introduced the doctor supported the secretaries .	Did the doctor support the secretaries ?	no
The athlete who helped the secretary contacted the actor .	Did the secretary contact the actor ?	no
The secretary who saw the manager encouraged the athlete .	Did the manager encourage the athlete ?	no
The senator who contacted the secretaries recognized the actors .	Did the secretaries recognize the actors ?	no
The secretaries who contacted the athletes advised the judges .	Did the athletes advise the judges ?	no
The president who contacted the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	no
The doctors who encouraged the senators avoided the scientists .	Did the senators avoid the scientists ?	no
The bankers who called the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	no
The judge that called the artist mentioned the banker .	Did the artist mention the banker ?	no
The athletes that contacted the doctor mentioned the professors .	Did the doctor mention the professors ?	no
The doctor that avoided the athletes resigned .	Did the athletes resign ?	no
The managers who believed the tourists recommended the doctors .	Did the tourists recommend the doctors ?	no
The athlete that called the tourists stopped the bankers .	Did the tourists stop the bankers ?	no
The president that admired the professors danced .	Did the professors dance ?	no
The doctors that thanked the manager believed the actors .	Did the manager believe the actors ?	no
The secretary who supported the president believed the professor .	Did the president believe the professor ?	no
The president that mentioned the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	no
The bankers who believed the managers saw the student .	Did the managers see the student ?	no
The doctor who saw the presidents encouraged the manager .	Did the presidents encourage the manager ?	no
The managers who called the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	no
The actors who recommended the senator ran .	Did the senator run ?	no
The artists who called the tourist recommended the presidents .	Did the tourist recommend the presidents ?	no
The secretary that mentioned the professor recommended the actors .	Did the professor recommend the actors ?	no
The president who thanked the author recommended the secretaries .	Did the author recommend the secretaries ?	no
The tourists that encouraged the judge admired the actors .	Did the judge admire the actors ?	no
The judge who introduced the scientists waited .	Did the scientists wait ?	no
The secretaries who recognized the managers saw the athletes .	Did the managers see the athletes ?	no
The artists that saw the athlete stopped the authors .	Did the athlete stop the authors ?	no
The tourist that called the athletes recognized the students .	Did the athletes recognize the students ?	no
The actor that saw the senator mentioned the doctor .	Did the senator mention the doctor ?	no
The author who thanked the professor arrived .	Did the professor arrive ?	no
The authors who saw the scientists called the athlete .	Did the scientists call the athlete ?	no
The author that helped the president danced .	Did the president dance ?	no
The scientists who believed the artists supported the doctor .	Did the artists support the doctor ?	no
The bankers that advised the doctor mentioned the athlete .	Did the doctor mention the athlete ?	no
The professors that admired the secretaries helped the students .	Did the secretaries help the students ?	no
The scientist that thanked the banker resigned .	Did the banker resign ?	no
The artist who supported the judge helped the students .	Did the judge help the students ?	no
The managers that supported the lawyers danced .	Did the lawyers dance ?	no
The students that helped the actor encouraged the author .	Did the actor encourage the author ?	no
The professor that called the judges recommended the actors .	Did the judges recommend the actors ?	no
The artists that contacted the student supported the judges .	Did the student support the judges ?	no
The scientist that supported the professors advised the judges .	Did the professors advise the judges ?	no
The student who recommended the lawyers arrived .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	no
The scientists that advised the doctors avoided the lawyer .	Did the doctors avoid the lawyer ?	no
The manager that recognized the professors avoided the scientists .	Did the professors avoid the scientists ?	no
The professor who recognized the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	no
The doctor that supported the scientists helped the secretaries .	Did the scientists help the secretaries ?	no
The doctors who contacted the athlete arrived .	Did the athlete arrive ?	no
The students that mentioned the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	no
The bankers who believed the tourist slept .	Did the tourist sleep ?	no
The professors who saw the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	no
The lawyers who recommended the authors performed .	Did the authors perform ?	no
The artist that recommended the lawyer arrived .	Did the lawyer arrive ?	no
The students who helped the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	no
The banker who believed the presidents recommended the authors .	Did the presidents recommend the authors ?	no
The authors who encouraged the secretary arrived .	Did the secretary arrive ?	no
The tourists who contacted the managers admired the doctor .	Did the managers admire the doctor ?	no
The secretary who called the professor stopped the athlete .	Did the professor stop the athlete ?	no
The secretary that mentioned the lawyer believed the doctors .	Did the lawyer believe the doctors ?	no
The scientist that stopped the athlete admired the presidents .	Did the athlete admire the presidents ?	no
The president who recommended the manager supported the actor .	Did the manager support the actor ?	no
The student that contacted the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	no
The lawyers that saw the judge resigned .	Did the judge resign ?	no
The doctor that encouraged the scientists recognized the athletes .	Did the scientists recognize the athletes ?	no
The actor who contacted the tourist advised the students .	Did the tourist advise the students ?	no
The athletes that contacted the secretary recognized the authors .	Did the secretary recognize the authors ?	no
The doctors who believed the judge saw the tourist .	Did the judge see the tourist ?	no
The scientists that contacted the actors resigned .	Did the actors resign ?	no
The athletes who helped the lawyer thanked the author .	Did the lawyer thank the author ?	no
The senators who advised the students introduced the lawyers .	Did the students introduce the lawyers ?	no
The artist who encouraged the manager stopped the president .	Did the manager stop the president ?	no
The author who mentioned the actors arrived .	Did the actors arrive ?	no
The managers that believed the senator ran .	Did the senator run ?	no
The professor that called the president helped the doctor .	Did the president help the doctor ?	no
The senators that avoided the professors resigned .	Did the professors resign ?	no
The athlete who admired the actors supported the president .	Did the actors support the president ?	no
The managers that introduced the author avoided the professors .	Did the author avoid the professors ?	no
The presidents who thanked the senator mentioned the managers .	Did the senator mention the managers ?	no
The president that believed the managers thanked the lawyers .	Did the managers thank the lawyers ?	no
The bankers who recommended the president mentioned the artists .	Did the president mention the artists ?	no
The senator who avoided the secretaries mentioned the scientist .	Did the secretaries mention the scientist ?	no
The president that encouraged the scientist mentioned the doctor .	Did the scientist mention the doctor ?	no
The bankers that helped the tourist arrived .	Did the tourist arrive ?	no
The authors that stopped the professor recognized the secretaries .	Did the professor recognize the secretaries ?	no
The tourist who called the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	no
The president that thanked the senators advised the scientist .	Did the senators advise the scientist ?	no
The actors that introduced the secretaries performed .	Did the secretaries perform ?	no
The manager that stopped the secretary slept .	Did the secretary sleep ?	no
The lawyer that introduced the managers shouted .	Did the managers shout ?	no
The senators that called the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	no
The athletes that admired the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	no
The bankers who recommended the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	no
The manager that mentioned the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	no
The athletes who saw the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	no
The professor who introduced the doctors recognized the secretaries .	Did the doctors recognize the secretaries ?	no
The president that introduced the banker believed the tourist .	Did the banker believe the tourist ?	no
The presidents that recommended the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	no
The secretary that encouraged the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	no
The presidents that helped the author performed .	Did the author perform ?	no
The students who called the actor shouted .	Did the actor shout ?	no
The presidents that recognized the students saw the professors .	Did the students see the professors ?	no
The senator that helped the president contacted the judges .	Did the president contact the judges ?	no
The senator that recommended the professors mentioned the actors .	Did the professors mention the actors ?	no
The lawyer that saw the judge supported the presidents .	Did the judge support the presidents ?	no
The actor who admired the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	no
The artists that believed the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	no
The secretaries that recognized the scientist saw the bankers .	Did the scientist see the bankers ?	no
The scientists who called the secretary waited .	Did the secretary wait ?	no
The athlete that admired the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	no
The judges that mentioned the doctor contacted the professor .	Did the doctor contact the professor ?	no
The artists that mentioned the president recognized the secretary .	Did the president recognize the secretary ?	no
The managers who believed the senator encouraged the professor .	Did the senator encourage the professor ?	no
The secretaries that stopped the student encouraged the professor .	Did the student encourage the professor ?	no
The athlete who avoided the manager thanked the secretaries .	Did the manager thank the secretaries ?	no
The judges who stopped the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	no
The authors who supported the scientists mentioned the actor .	Did the scientists mention the actor ?	no
The president that believed the student helped the professors .	Did the student help the professors ?	no
The judges who saw the lawyer ran .	Did the lawyer run ?	no
The lawyer that thanked the managers mentioned the students .	Did the managers mention the students ?	no
The lawyer who believed the manager saw the actor .	Did the manager see the actor ?	no
The students who avoided the authors helped the actor .	Did the authors help the actor ?	no
The tourists who recognized the senator encouraged the actor .	Did the senator encourage the actor ?	no
The lawyers that advised the artists recommended the students .	Did the artists recommend the students ?	no
The manager who recommended the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	no
The actor who avoided the banker supported the senators .	Did the banker support the senators ?	no
The bankers that saw the artists shouted .	Did the artists shout ?	no
The scientist that called the bankers mentioned the judges .	Did the bankers mention the judges ?	no
The scientist who mentioned the tourists recommended the manager .	Did the tourists recommend the manager ?	no
The judge that thanked the athletes avoided the students .	Did the athletes avoid the students ?	no
The lawyer that recognized the artist contacted the doctors .	Did the artist contact the doctors ?	no
The presidents that saw the secretaries introduced the actors .	Did the secretaries introduce the actors ?	no
The tourists that stopped the bankers arrived .	Did the bankers arrive ?	no
The bankers that introduced the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	no
The tourists who avoided the athletes recognized the president .	Did the athletes recognize the president ?	no
The managers who called the scientist ran .	Did the scientist run ?	no
The senators who recognized the scientist helped the athlete .	Did the scientist help the athlete ?	no
The athlete that helped the presidents advised the secretaries .	Did the presidents advise the secretaries ?	no
The artists that thanked the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	no
The artists that helped the bankers advised the managers .	Did the bankers advise the managers ?	no
The manager that believed the author advised the judges .	Did the author advise the judges ?	no
The professors who stopped the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	no
The senators that recommended the president called the doctor .	Did the president call the doctor ?	no
The professors that believed the senator ran .	Did the senator run ?	no
The judges who helped the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	no
The lawyer that recommended the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	no
The scientists who avoided the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	no
The senator that mentioned the tourist thanked the athletes .	Did the tourist thank the athletes ?	no
The judges who mentioned the president supported the professor .	Did the president support the professor ?	no
The presidents that supported the student helped the doctors .	Did the student help the doctors ?	no
The senator who recognized the doctors ran .	Did the doctors run ?	no
The manager who avoided the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	no
The professor who recognized the athletes stopped the actor .	Did the athletes stop the actor ?	no
The doctors that advised the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	no
The actor who helped the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	no
The senators who introduced the manager mentioned the lawyers .	Did the manager mention the lawyers ?	no
The scientists that contacted the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	no
The bankers who helped the student mentioned the secretaries .	Did the student mention the secretaries ?	no
The tourists that thanked the judges admired the manager .	Did the judges admire the manager ?	no
The artist that believed the judges contacted the lawyers .	Did the judges contact the lawyers ?	no
The professor that advised the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	no
The president who admired the secretaries slept .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	no
The lawyer who contacted the professor avoided the athletes .	Did the professor avoid the athletes ?	no
The tourists who recognized the president saw the lawyers .	Did the president see the lawyers ?	no
The lawyer that thanked the authors avoided the judge .	Did the authors avoid the judge ?	no
The president that saw the athlete advised the artist .	Did the athlete advise the artist ?	no
The athletes that recommended the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	no
The managers that saw the professor admired the senator .	Did the professor admire the senator ?	no
The lawyer that recommended the manager helped the bankers .	Did the manager help the bankers ?	no
The athletes that mentioned the students saw the judge .	Did the students see the judge ?	no
The bankers that encouraged the author introduced the doctors .	Did the author introduce the doctors ?	no
The athlete who admired the authors helped the artists .	Did the authors help the artists ?	no
The manager who contacted the scientists shouted .	Did the scientists shout ?	no
The actors who introduced the tourist avoided the professor .	Did the tourist avoid the professor ?	no
The scientist who stopped the authors saw the judge .	Did the authors see the judge ?	no
The senator that recognized the tourist saw the judges .	Did the tourist see the judges ?	no
The judge that avoided the actor advised the authors .	Did the actor advise the authors ?	no
The doctor that encouraged the senators resigned .	Did the senators resign ?	no
The actor who recommended the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
The lawyers that recommended the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	no
The secretaries who supported the bankers recognized the actors .	Did the bankers recognize the actors ?	no
The student who believed the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	no
The athlete who admired the lawyers recognized the student .	Did the lawyers recognize the student ?	no
The athletes who recognized the scientist avoided the banker .	Did the scientist avoid the banker ?	no
The authors that helped the students performed .	Did the students perform ?	no
The tourists who admired the student recognized the professors .	Did the student recognize the professors ?	no
The manager that recognized the athlete ran .	Did the athlete run ?	no
The authors who thanked the senator helped the athletes .	Did the senator help the athletes ?	no
The artist who introduced the manager contacted the tourists .	Did the manager contact the tourists ?	no
The judges that avoided the secretaries performed .	Did the secretaries perform ?	no
The scientist presented in the school stopped the artists .	Did the scientist present in the school ?	no
The athletes presented in the library mentioned the secretary .	Did the athletes present in the library ?	no
The senators paid in the office danced .	Did the senators pay in the office ?	no
The tourists helped in the library admired the authors .	Did the tourists help in the library ?	no
The scientist contacted the manager investigated in the office .	Did the manager investigate in the office ?	no
The bankers paid in the office ran .	Did the bankers pay in the office ?	no
The author investigated in the library danced .	Did the author investigate in the library ?	no
The doctor presented in the library saw the president .	Did the doctor present in the library ?	no
The student paid in the museum mentioned the professors .	Did the student pay in the museum ?	no
The senators helped in the library waited .	Did the senators help in the library ?	no
The actor helped the managers presented in the laboratory .	Did the managers present in the laboratory ?	no
The scientists studied in the office thanked the judge .	Did the scientists study in the office ?	no
The doctor investigated in the museum contacted the lawyer .	Did the doctor investigate in the museum ?	no
The lawyers stopped the doctor paid in the laboratory .	Did the doctor pay in the laboratory ?	no
The artist studied in the office arrived .	Did the artist study in the office ?	no
The scientist presented in the office called the doctors .	Did the scientist present in the office ?	no
The students admired the artists paid in the museum .	Did the artists pay in the museum ?	no
The tourist studied in the library encouraged the authors .	Did the tourist study in the library ?	no
The actor paid in the laboratory helped the scientists .	Did the actor pay in the laboratory ?	no
The senator presented in the office slept .	Did the senator present in the office ?	no
The student investigated in the laboratory shouted .	Did the student investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The manager recommended the student investigated in the library .	Did the student investigate in the library ?	no
The author admired the artist presented in the library .	Did the artist present in the library ?	no
The presidents investigated in the laboratory admired the secretaries .	Did the presidents investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The banker paid in the museum admired the judge .	Did the banker pay in the museum ?	no
The tourists investigated in the school admired the banker .	Did the tourists investigate in the school ?	no
The scientist admired the senators paid in the laboratory .	Did the senators pay in the laboratory ?	no
The actor investigated in the office recognized the artists .	Did the actor investigate in the office ?	no
The professor studied in the museum danced .	Did the professor study in the museum ?	no
The tourist believed the artists investigated in the library .	Did the artists investigate in the library ?	no
The bankers paid in the laboratory called the scientists .	Did the bankers pay in the laboratory ?	no
The banker advised the actor helped in the laboratory .	Did the actor help in the laboratory ?	no
The actors advised the authors studied in the library .	Did the authors study in the library ?	no
The student studied in the library called the doctors .	Did the student study in the library ?	no
The author studied in the museum saw the presidents .	Did the author study in the museum ?	no
The student believed the tourists investigated in the library .	Did the tourists investigate in the library ?	no
The secretaries investigated in the laboratory slept .	Did the secretaries investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The author presented in the museum danced .	Did the author present in the museum ?	no
The judge contacted the president studied in the museum .	Did the president study in the museum ?	no
The manager studied in the library advised the author .	Did the manager study in the library ?	no
The president studied in the office introduced the artist .	Did the president study in the office ?	no
The banker studied in the library introduced the senator .	Did the banker study in the library ?	no
The actor introduced the professor helped in the office .	Did the professor help in the office ?	no
The lawyer studied in the laboratory mentioned the secretary .	Did the lawyer study in the laboratory ?	no
The presidents contacted the managers studied in the museum .	Did the managers study in the museum ?	no
The president advised the author paid in the library .	Did the author pay in the library ?	no
The tourists paid in the library introduced the lawyers .	Did the tourists pay in the library ?	no
The senator mentioned the actors presented in the school .	Did the actors present in the school ?	no
The president studied in the library slept .	Did the president study in the library ?	no
The secretaries encouraged the scientist paid in the school .	Did the scientist pay in the school ?	no
The scientist presented in the museum contacted the secretaries .	Did the scientist present in the museum ?	no
The actor mentioned the lawyer studied in the library .	Did the lawyer study in the library ?	no
The student studied in the library danced .	Did the student study in the library ?	no
The scientist studied in the school danced .	Did the scientist study in the school ?	no
The authors advised the managers helped in the office .	Did the managers help in the office ?	no
The lawyer presented in the office avoided the artists .	Did the lawyer present in the office ?	no
The judges investigated in the library saw the senators .	Did the judges investigate in the library ?	no
The students paid in the laboratory avoided the tourist .	Did the students pay in the laboratory ?	no
The senator studied in the school ran .	Did the senator study in the school ?	no
The bankers presented in the office slept .	Did the bankers present in the office ?	no
The judges supported the artist helped in the office .	Did the artist help in the office ?	no
The professor advised the author presented in the library .	Did the author present in the library ?	no
The students studied in the museum slept .	Did the students study in the museum ?	no
The managers helped in the office ran .	Did the managers help in the office ?	no
The actors avoided the president paid in the library .	Did the president pay in the library ?	no
The tourists recommended the president paid in the laboratory .	Did the president pay in the laboratory ?	no
The authors helped in the school performed .	Did the authors help in the school ?	no
The judges studied in the school mentioned the student .	Did the judges study in the school ?	no
The secretary contacted the student paid in the school .	Did the student pay in the school ?	no
The actor advised the senator paid in the office .	Did the senator pay in the office ?	no
The actor paid in the museum introduced the scientists .	Did the actor pay in the museum ?	no
The judges paid in the library slept .	Did the judges pay in the library ?	no
The senator supported the banker studied in the museum .	Did the banker study in the museum ?	no
The tourist stopped the secretary studied in the library .	Did the secretary study in the library ?	no
The actor contacted the president investigated in the laboratory .	Did the president investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The scientists presented in the school recognized the actors .	Did the scientists present in the school ?	no
The judges recognized the artists helped in the library .	Did the artists help in the library ?	no
The presidents presented in the laboratory arrived .	Did the presidents present in the laboratory ?	no
The presidents contacted the author helped in the laboratory .	Did the author help in the laboratory ?	no
The tourists presented in the office introduced the doctors .	Did the tourists present in the office ?	no
The secretaries investigated in the museum recognized the presidents .	Did the secretaries investigate in the museum ?	no
The professor avoided the presidents paid in the library .	Did the presidents pay in the library ?	no
The athlete avoided the artist presented in the museum .	Did the artist present in the museum ?	no
The senator studied in the school advised the bankers .	Did the senator study in the school ?	no
The bankers encouraged the lawyers helped in the museum .	Did the lawyers help in the museum ?	no
The authors contacted the professors helped in the museum .	Did the professors help in the museum ?	no
The authors helped in the school called the managers .	Did the authors help in the school ?	no
The senator helped in the library shouted .	Did the senator help in the library ?	no
The banker recommended the tourists studied in the library .	Did the tourists study in the library ?	no
The authors studied in the office waited .	Did the authors study in the office ?	no
The artist advised the secretary paid in the museum .	Did the secretary pay in the museum ?	no
The athletes investigated in the library mentioned the scientists .	Did the athletes investigate in the library ?	no
The artist helped the doctors investigated in the office .	Did the doctors investigate in the office ?	no
The authors helped in the school avoided the doctors .	Did the authors help in the school ?	no
The secretaries investigated in the office performed .	Did the secretaries investigate in the office ?	no
The artist presented in the library avoided the actors .	Did the artist present in the library ?	no
The author admired the students investigated in the office .	Did the students investigate in the office ?	no
The secretaries studied in the laboratory helped the judges .	Did the secretaries study in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyer investigated in the office avoided the banker .	Did the lawyer investigate in the office ?	no
The professor helped in the office thanked the scientist .	Did the professor help in the office ?	no
The athlete investigated in the museum shouted .	Did the athlete investigate in the museum ?	no
The artist investigated in the library saw the actor .	Did the artist investigate in the library ?	no
The doctors helped in the laboratory supported the scientists .	Did the doctors help in the laboratory ?	no
The tourists presented in the museum resigned .	Did the tourists present in the museum ?	no
The artists studied in the school arrived .	Did the artists study in the school ?	no
The lawyers helped in the museum introduced the secretaries .	Did the lawyers help in the museum ?	no
The senators paid in the library waited .	Did the senators pay in the library ?	no
The judge supported the secretaries paid in the school .	Did the secretaries pay in the school ?	no
The judges paid in the laboratory waited .	Did the judges pay in the laboratory ?	no
The tourist thanked the artists studied in the library .	Did the artists study in the library ?	no
The senator helped in the library called the tourists .	Did the senator help in the library ?	no
The senator supported the doctor presented in the office .	Did the doctor present in the office ?	no
The professors thanked the tourists presented in the museum .	Did the tourists present in the museum ?	no
The secretaries paid in the museum resigned .	Did the secretaries pay in the museum ?	no
The students helped in the museum shouted .	Did the students help in the museum ?	no
The athlete paid in the library supported the doctors .	Did the athlete pay in the library ?	no
The artists investigated in the library stopped the scientists .	Did the artists investigate in the library ?	no
The tourists called the senators investigated in the museum .	Did the senators investigate in the museum ?	no
The student studied in the museum thanked the scientist .	Did the student study in the museum ?	no
The doctor paid in the library shouted .	Did the doctor pay in the library ?	no
The authors investigated in the museum shouted .	Did the authors investigate in the museum ?	no
The professor helped in the museum introduced the authors .	Did the professor help in the museum ?	no
The scientist advised the students helped in the office .	Did the students help in the office ?	no
The scientists studied in the school saw the judge .	Did the scientists study in the school ?	no
The doctor investigated in the school advised the banker .	Did the doctor investigate in the school ?	no
The athlete investigated in the museum arrived .	Did the athlete investigate in the museum ?	no
The bankers avoided the manager helped in the museum .	Did the manager help in the museum ?	no
The senators investigated in the office saw the scientist .	Did the senators investigate in the office ?	no
The banker admired the secretary helped in the school .	Did the secretary help in the school ?	no
The scientists presented in the library stopped the author .	Did the scientists present in the library ?	no
The authors studied in the school shouted .	Did the authors study in the school ?	no
The artists investigated in the school recognized the judge .	Did the artists investigate in the school ?	no
The artist mentioned the bankers presented in the museum .	Did the bankers present in the museum ?	no
The managers supported the doctor investigated in the school .	Did the doctor investigate in the school ?	no
The presidents avoided the doctors helped in the museum .	Did the doctors help in the museum ?	no
The students recognized the author studied in the laboratory .	Did the author study in the laboratory ?	no
The doctor encouraged the scientist studied in the school .	Did the scientist study in the school ?	no
The author presented in the museum stopped the athletes .	Did the author present in the museum ?	no
The tourists recognized the judges paid in the laboratory .	Did the judges pay in the laboratory ?	no
The authors helped in the laboratory shouted .	Did the authors help in the laboratory ?	no
The doctor paid in the laboratory waited .	Did the doctor pay in the laboratory ?	no
The judges advised the athletes studied in the office .	Did the athletes study in the office ?	no
The doctors paid in the laboratory contacted the actors .	Did the doctors pay in the laboratory ?	no
The tourists encouraged the secretaries paid in the laboratory .	Did the secretaries pay in the laboratory ?	no
The scientist supported the students helped in the office .	Did the students help in the office ?	no
The author recommended the athlete investigated in the museum .	Did the athlete investigate in the museum ?	no
The author avoided the scientists presented in the office .	Did the scientists present in the office ?	no
The professor investigated in the office waited .	Did the professor investigate in the office ?	no
The professors presented in the laboratory supported the senators .	Did the professors present in the laboratory ?	no
The author presented in the library thanked the doctors .	Did the author present in the library ?	no
The bankers presented in the library danced .	Did the bankers present in the library ?	no
The professor presented in the laboratory resigned .	Did the professor present in the laboratory ?	no
The actors mentioned the artists presented in the office .	Did the artists present in the office ?	no
The lawyers supported the authors helped in the school .	Did the authors help in the school ?	no
The athlete helped in the laboratory performed .	Did the athlete help in the laboratory ?	no
The professor helped in the museum waited .	Did the professor help in the museum ?	no
The professors investigated in the library encouraged the actor .	Did the professors investigate in the library ?	no
The president presented in the school encouraged the tourist .	Did the president present in the school ?	no
The student helped in the office resigned .	Did the student help in the office ?	no
The bankers paid in the school contacted the secretary .	Did the bankers pay in the school ?	no
The lawyer helped in the office recommended the manager .	Did the lawyer help in the office ?	no
The artist avoided the author paid in the laboratory .	Did the author pay in the laboratory ?	no
The senators helped in the school shouted .	Did the senators help in the school ?	no
The tourists introduced the bankers investigated in the office .	Did the bankers investigate in the office ?	no
The judge called the bankers paid in the school .	Did the bankers pay in the school ?	no
The professors helped in the school called the artist .	Did the professors help in the school ?	no
The president helped in the laboratory contacted the artist .	Did the president help in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyers saw the students studied in the office .	Did the students study in the office ?	no
The judge studied in the laboratory believed the actor .	Did the judge study in the laboratory ?	no
The students recognized the presidents investigated in the school .	Did the presidents investigate in the school ?	no
The students recommended the author investigated in the museum .	Did the author investigate in the museum ?	no
The judges presented in the library saw the bankers .	Did the judges present in the library ?	no
The judges encouraged the authors studied in the laboratory .	Did the authors study in the laboratory ?	no
The secretary investigated in the office resigned .	Did the secretary investigate in the office ?	no
The athletes admired the scientists investigated in the school .	Did the scientists investigate in the school ?	no
The authors studied in the school danced .	Did the authors study in the school ?	no
The tourists investigated in the school danced .	Did the tourists investigate in the school ?	no
The tourist called the student studied in the museum .	Did the student study in the museum ?	no
The doctor helped in the school called the author .	Did the doctor help in the school ?	no
The doctors paid in the museum introduced the actors .	Did the doctors pay in the museum ?	no
The tourist helped in the laboratory admired the artist .	Did the tourist help in the laboratory ?	no
The presidents paid in the laboratory supported the scientist .	Did the presidents pay in the laboratory ?	no
The scientist presented in the school danced .	Did the scientist present in the school ?	no
The senator presented in the school encouraged the bankers .	Did the senator present in the school ?	no
The scientists helped in the school advised the president .	Did the scientists help in the school ?	no
The students helped the athlete paid in the museum .	Did the athlete pay in the museum ?	no
The tourists recommended the bankers studied in the library .	Did the bankers study in the library ?	no
The lawyer recommended the judge paid in the library .	Did the judge pay in the library ?	no
The tourist investigated in the laboratory called the artist .	Did the tourist investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyer paid in the school shouted .	Did the lawyer pay in the school ?	no
The author helped in the library performed .	Did the author help in the library ?	no
The tourist introduced the actor helped in the office .	Did the actor help in the office ?	no
The students advised the scientist presented in the school .	Did the scientist present in the school ?	no
The lawyers avoided the banker investigated in the museum .	Did the banker investigate in the museum ?	no
The professors studied in the laboratory contacted the scientist .	Did the professors study in the laboratory ?	no
The doctors studied in the school shouted .	Did the doctors study in the school ?	no
The tourists presented in the laboratory thanked the doctor .	Did the tourists present in the laboratory ?	no
The professor investigated in the museum contacted the secretaries .	Did the professor investigate in the museum ?	no
The secretary helped in the library thanked the professors .	Did the secretary help in the library ?	no
The judges studied in the laboratory thanked the presidents .	Did the judges study in the laboratory ?	no
The student presented in the museum admired the president .	Did the student present in the museum ?	no
The bankers investigated in the library shouted .	Did the bankers investigate in the library ?	no
The doctor presented in the museum performed .	Did the doctor present in the museum ?	no
The scientists believed the tourist investigated in the school .	Did the tourist investigate in the school ?	no
The banker believed the judges presented in the school .	Did the judges present in the school ?	no
The artist studied in the laboratory recommended the student .	Did the artist study in the laboratory ?	no
The judges investigated in the office thanked the bankers .	Did the judges investigate in the office ?	no
The judge investigated in the office introduced the doctor .	Did the judge investigate in the office ?	no
The lawyers saw the senators presented in the library .	Did the senators present in the library ?	no
The president presented in the library called the senators .	Did the president present in the library ?	no
The scientists investigated in the library avoided the athlete .	Did the scientists investigate in the library ?	no
The bankers recommended the presidents studied in the office .	Did the presidents study in the office ?	no
The tourist contacted the manager helped in the library .	Did the manager help in the library ?	no
The actor saw the artist presented in the library .	Did the artist present in the library ?	no
The doctor studied in the library shouted .	Did the doctor study in the library ?	no
The tourist paid in the laboratory called the students .	Did the tourist pay in the laboratory ?	no
The athlete admired the banker helped in the office .	Did the banker help in the office ?	no
The professors investigated in the office arrived .	Did the professors investigate in the office ?	no
The judge paid in the library admired the managers .	Did the judge pay in the library ?	no
The tourists presented in the office shouted .	Did the tourists present in the office ?	no
The professors helped in the office admired the senators .	Did the professors help in the office ?	no
The professor studied in the office saw the actor .	Did the professor study in the office ?	no
The secretaries paid in the school thanked the scientist .	Did the secretaries pay in the school ?	no
The bankers presented in the library thanked the secretary .	Did the bankers present in the library ?	no
The students studied in the library called the professors .	Did the students study in the library ?	no
The artists called the lawyer helped in the laboratory .	Did the lawyer help in the laboratory ?	no
The author presented in the museum stopped the senators .	Did the author present in the museum ?	no
The authors helped in the school supported the student .	Did the authors help in the school ?	no
The doctors investigated in the laboratory arrived .	Did the doctors investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The student saw the authors investigated in the office .	Did the authors investigate in the office ?	no
The judges avoided the secretary helped in the school .	Did the secretary help in the school ?	no
The lawyers stopped the doctor presented in the library .	Did the doctor present in the library ?	no
The artist helped in the laboratory performed .	Did the artist help in the laboratory ?	no
The professor paid in the museum slept .	Did the professor pay in the museum ?	no
The actors presented in the school called the judge .	Did the actors present in the school ?	no
The artists mentioned the secretary investigated in the museum .	Did the secretary investigate in the museum ?	no
The athlete studied in the school recognized the authors .	Did the athlete study in the school ?	no
The artist presented in the school recognized the tourist .	Did the artist present in the school ?	no
The managers contacted the scientists presented in the office .	Did the scientists present in the office ?	no
The doctors investigated in the museum danced .	Did the doctors investigate in the museum ?	no
The authors supported the students investigated in the museum .	Did the students investigate in the museum ?	no
The presidents investigated in the museum believed the lawyer .	Did the presidents investigate in the museum ?	no
The athlete presented in the library resigned .	Did the athlete present in the library ?	no
The artist studied in the library shouted .	Did the artist study in the library ?	no
The professors presented in the office admired the bankers .	Did the professors present in the office ?	no
The doctors thanked the scientists investigated in the school .	Did the scientists investigate in the school ?	no
The artist presented in the office resigned .	Did the artist present in the office ?	no
The authors presented in the museum recognized the presidents .	Did the authors present in the museum ?	no
The actors helped in the museum stopped the secretaries .	Did the actors help in the museum ?	no
The secretaries presented in the library shouted .	Did the secretaries present in the library ?	no
The doctor called the athlete helped in the library .	Did the athlete help in the library ?	no
The senators believed the presidents presented in the library .	Did the presidents present in the library ?	no
The artists investigated in the laboratory performed .	Did the artists investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The scientist thanked the manager paid in the school .	Did the manager pay in the school ?	no
The student saw the author investigated in the office .	Did the author investigate in the office ?	no
The senator studied in the museum admired the tourist .	Did the senator study in the museum ?	no
The author investigated in the laboratory called the tourists .	Did the author investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The banker encouraged the managers paid in the laboratory .	Did the managers pay in the laboratory ?	no
The senator paid in the office contacted the banker .	Did the senator pay in the office ?	no
The secretaries supported the doctors helped in the school .	Did the doctors help in the school ?	no
The artists helped the authors paid in the school .	Did the authors pay in the school ?	no
The lawyers saw the senators investigated in the office .	Did the senators investigate in the office ?	no
The authors stopped the lawyers helped in the laboratory .	Did the lawyers help in the laboratory ?	no
The author investigated in the office advised the doctors .	Did the author investigate in the office ?	no
The banker presented in the laboratory recommended the athletes .	Did the banker present in the laboratory ?	no
The doctor advised the secretary studied in the office .	Did the secretary study in the office ?	no
The doctors advised the professors presented in the office .	Did the professors present in the office ?	no
The actor supported the presidents studied in the library .	Did the presidents study in the library ?	no
The athlete investigated in the museum admired the senator .	Did the athlete investigate in the museum ?	no
The professor recognized the secretary investigated in the school .	Did the secretary investigate in the school ?	no
The judges investigated in the museum believed the secretary .	Did the judges investigate in the museum ?	no
The secretary helped in the school slept .	Did the secretary help in the school ?	no
The lawyer investigated in the museum admired the artists .	Did the lawyer investigate in the museum ?	no
The banker studied in the museum helped the professor .	Did the banker study in the museum ?	no
The athletes presented in the school called the secretary .	Did the athletes present in the school ?	no
The lawyer mentioned the secretaries helped in the school .	Did the secretaries help in the school ?	no
The doctor investigated in the office resigned .	Did the doctor investigate in the office ?	no
The professors presented in the museum believed the judge .	Did the professors present in the museum ?	no
The banker helped in the museum contacted the artists .	Did the banker help in the museum ?	no
The judge investigated in the office advised the doctor .	Did the judge investigate in the office ?	no
The manager paid in the laboratory performed .	Did the manager pay in the laboratory ?	no
The professor supported the doctors investigated in the laboratory .	Did the doctors investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The senators saw the tourist investigated in the library .	Did the tourist investigate in the library ?	no
The banker paid in the laboratory recommended the authors .	Did the banker pay in the laboratory ?	no
The students paid in the library waited .	Did the students pay in the library ?	no
The bankers contacted the senators helped in the school .	Did the senators help in the school ?	no
The banker paid in the office shouted .	Did the banker pay in the office ?	no
The secretaries recommended the doctors investigated in the school .	Did the doctors investigate in the school ?	no
The tourists helped in the library waited .	Did the tourists help in the library ?	no
The senators thanked the actor paid in the school .	Did the actor pay in the school ?	no
The senators studied in the office called the artist .	Did the senators study in the office ?	no
The doctors paid in the museum mentioned the professors .	Did the doctors pay in the museum ?	no
The presidents admired the lawyer paid in the museum .	Did the lawyer pay in the museum ?	no
The president helped the students paid in the school .	Did the students pay in the school ?	no
The president studied in the laboratory supported the artists .	Did the president study in the laboratory ?	no
The scientist studied in the school performed .	Did the scientist study in the school ?	no
The actor recognized the senators helped in the school .	Did the senators help in the school ?	no
The tourists investigated in the museum advised the athletes .	Did the tourists investigate in the museum ?	no
The author avoided the president studied in the school .	Did the president study in the school ?	no
The professor studied in the museum stopped the athlete .	Did the professor study in the museum ?	no
The scientists mentioned the secretary helped in the museum .	Did the secretary help in the museum ?	no
The lawyer helped in the office recommended the students .	Did the lawyer help in the office ?	no
The students saw the professor presented in the laboratory .	Did the professor present in the laboratory ?	no
The professors stopped the judges paid in the library .	Did the judges pay in the library ?	no
The scientist investigated in the library supported the tourist .	Did the scientist investigate in the library ?	no
The actor avoided the doctors studied in the laboratory .	Did the doctors study in the laboratory ?	no
The scientist investigated in the laboratory stopped the senator .	Did the scientist investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The actor helped in the office called the president .	Did the actor help in the office ?	no
The senator presented in the museum arrived .	Did the senator present in the museum ?	no
The president studied in the laboratory admired the artists .	Did the president study in the laboratory ?	no
The presidents recommended the professor paid in the laboratory .	Did the professor pay in the laboratory ?	no
The professor studied in the library supported the lawyer .	Did the professor study in the library ?	no
The lawyers studied in the library ran .	Did the lawyers study in the library ?	no
The bankers helped in the museum recommended the actor .	Did the bankers help in the museum ?	no
The scientist helped in the office performed .	Did the scientist help in the office ?	no
The banker paid in the museum believed the artists .	Did the banker pay in the museum ?	no
The secretary studied in the library recognized the senator .	Did the secretary study in the library ?	no
The authors paid in the school advised the student .	Did the authors pay in the school ?	no
The doctor presented in the office saw the secretaries .	Did the doctor present in the office ?	no
The actor avoided the secretaries studied in the school .	Did the secretaries study in the school ?	no
The lawyer studied in the library stopped the secretaries .	Did the lawyer study in the library ?	no
The professors recognized the managers helped in the school .	Did the managers help in the school ?	no
The professor studied in the museum resigned .	Did the professor study in the museum ?	no
The author admired the banker presented in the office .	Did the banker present in the office ?	no
The secretaries avoided the athlete helped in the laboratory .	Did the athlete help in the laboratory ?	no
The judges investigated in the laboratory advised the student .	Did the judges investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The author paid in the museum danced .	Did the author pay in the museum ?	no
The lawyer recommended the actor helped in the office .	Did the actor help in the office ?	no
The secretaries studied in the laboratory mentioned the tourist .	Did the secretaries study in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyers stopped the scientist presented in the school .	Did the scientist present in the school ?	no
The scientists investigated in the laboratory admired the judges .	Did the scientists investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The professor investigated in the school ran .	Did the professor investigate in the school ?	no
The managers admired the author helped in the school .	Did the author help in the school ?	no
The tourists advised the actor helped in the school .	Did the actor help in the school ?	no
The professor investigated in the library called the tourists .	Did the professor investigate in the library ?	no
The tourist introduced the secretaries presented in the laboratory .	Did the secretaries present in the laboratory ?	no
The authors recommended the student studied in the laboratory .	Did the student study in the laboratory ?	no
The managers thanked the presidents investigated in the school .	Did the presidents investigate in the school ?	no
The authors avoided the judge investigated in the school .	Did the judge investigate in the school ?	no
The judges studied in the school shouted .	Did the judges study in the school ?	no
The judges stopped the professors paid in the museum .	Did the professors pay in the museum ?	no
The doctors presented in the museum avoided the actors .	Did the doctors present in the museum ?	no
The tourist presented in the office avoided the athlete .	Did the tourist present in the office ?	no
The secretaries supported the athlete paid in the office .	Did the athlete pay in the office ?	no
The athlete thanked the secretaries studied in the school .	Did the secretaries study in the school ?	no
The president mentioned the secretaries presented in the library .	Did the secretaries present in the library ?	no
The artists supported the tourists investigated in the museum .	Did the tourists investigate in the museum ?	no
The students presented in the museum called the athletes .	Did the students present in the museum ?	no
The actor paid in the museum believed the tourists .	Did the actor pay in the museum ?	no
The scientist studied in the museum avoided the artists .	Did the scientist study in the museum ?	no
The scientist thanked the student studied in the laboratory .	Did the student study in the laboratory ?	no
The artist helped in the office avoided the managers .	Did the artist help in the office ?	no
The scientist introduced the manager helped in the laboratory .	Did the manager help in the laboratory ?	no
The secretary paid in the laboratory thanked the author .	Did the secretary pay in the laboratory ?	no
The author investigated in the library called the secretaries .	Did the author investigate in the library ?	no
The senator presented in the school advised the tourists .	Did the senator present in the school ?	no
The student encouraged the artist investigated in the office .	Did the artist investigate in the office ?	no
The actor admired the doctor paid in the school .	Did the doctor pay in the school ?	no
The tourist studied in the laboratory believed the doctors .	Did the tourist study in the laboratory ?	no
The doctors helped in the laboratory resigned .	Did the doctors help in the laboratory ?	no
The students helped the actors paid in the school .	Did the actors pay in the school ?	no
The doctor paid in the school introduced the secretaries .	Did the doctor pay in the school ?	no
The bankers helped in the school called the athlete .	Did the bankers help in the school ?	no
The actors investigated in the office admired the artists .	Did the actors investigate in the office ?	no
The lawyers admired the athlete paid in the school .	Did the athlete pay in the school ?	no
The scientists presented in the office called the students .	Did the scientists present in the office ?	no
The athlete helped the manager investigated in the office .	Did the manager investigate in the office ?	no
The tourist presented in the school thanked the bankers .	Did the tourist present in the school ?	no
The professor investigated in the office resigned .	Did the professor investigate in the office ?	no
The doctors avoided the managers presented in the museum .	Did the managers present in the museum ?	no
The doctors believed the professors investigated in the library .	Did the professors investigate in the library ?	no
The doctor studied in the laboratory avoided the actor .	Did the doctor study in the laboratory ?	no
The secretary helped the tourists investigated in the museum .	Did the tourists investigate in the museum ?	no
The president mentioned the doctor presented in the laboratory .	Did the doctor present in the laboratory ?	no
The manager paid in the laboratory ran .	Did the manager pay in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyer mentioned the artist investigated in the library .	Did the artist investigate in the library ?	no
The professor advised the students helped in the school .	Did the students help in the school ?	no
The author studied in the museum contacted the student .	Did the author study in the museum ?	no
The actor advised the senators helped in the museum .	Did the senators help in the museum ?	no
The tourist studied in the office performed .	Did the tourist study in the office ?	no
The authors called the presidents paid in the school .	Did the presidents pay in the school ?	no
The senators advised the doctors studied in the museum .	Did the doctors study in the museum ?	no
The professors paid in the laboratory saw the lawyer .	Did the professors pay in the laboratory ?	no
The professor presented in the laboratory admired the tourist .	Did the professor present in the laboratory ?	no
The president helped in the laboratory performed .	Did the president help in the laboratory ?	no
The doctors saw the professor investigated in the office .	Did the professor investigate in the office ?	no
The athlete investigated in the school introduced the lawyers .	Did the athlete investigate in the school ?	no
The senators introduced the managers presented in the office .	Did the managers present in the office ?	no
The secretary presented in the office shouted .	Did the secretary present in the office ?	no
The judges contacted the student paid in the school .	Did the student pay in the school ?	no
The tourists mentioned the senator paid in the museum .	Did the senator pay in the museum ?	no
The scientist avoided the author helped in the office .	Did the author help in the office ?	no
The judge admired the actors helped in the library .	Did the actors help in the library ?	no
The student helped in the museum called the tourists .	Did the student help in the museum ?	no
The tourist contacted the managers investigated in the office .	Did the managers investigate in the office ?	no
The bankers saw the professors helped in the library .	Did the professors help in the library ?	no
The students mentioned the tourists presented in the laboratory .	Did the tourists present in the laboratory ?	no
The senators thanked the manager investigated in the laboratory .	Did the manager investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The athlete presented in the school mentioned the managers .	Did the athlete present in the school ?	no
The banker studied in the school admired the actors .	Did the banker study in the school ?	no
The artists presented in the museum danced .	Did the artists present in the museum ?	no
The actor called the secretary presented in the library .	Did the secretary present in the library ?	no
The lawyer helped in the museum ran .	Did the lawyer help in the museum ?	no
The banker paid in the museum resigned .	Did the banker pay in the museum ?	no
The student studied in the museum believed the professor .	Did the student study in the museum ?	no
The presidents paid in the museum resigned .	Did the presidents pay in the museum ?	no
The scientists advised the actor presented in the laboratory .	Did the actor present in the laboratory ?	no
The bankers recommended the athlete helped in the laboratory .	Did the athlete help in the laboratory ?	no
The tourist recommended the author investigated in the laboratory .	Did the author investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The president admired the senator studied in the office .	Did the senator study in the office ?	no
The student helped the banker paid in the library .	Did the banker pay in the library ?	no
The tourist advised the banker investigated in the library .	Did the banker investigate in the library ?	no
The banker helped the tourist studied in the museum .	Did the tourist study in the museum ?	no
The senator stopped the secretary helped in the school .	Did the secretary help in the school ?	no
The banker supported the secretaries presented in the museum .	Did the secretaries present in the museum ?	no
The doctor helped in the office called the secretary .	Did the doctor help in the office ?	no
The tourist presented in the library contacted the scientist .	Did the tourist present in the library ?	no
The senators believed the students investigated in the library .	Did the students investigate in the library ?	no
The professors presented in the school mentioned the manager .	Did the professors present in the school ?	no
The tourist advised the banker investigated in the office .	Did the banker investigate in the office ?	no
The senator believed the judge presented in the laboratory .	Did the judge present in the laboratory ?	no
The author helped in the library waited .	Did the author help in the library ?	no
The student helped in the office mentioned the tourists .	Did the student help in the office ?	no
The judges helped in the school arrived .	Did the judges help in the school ?	no
The tourists presented in the office slept .	Did the tourists present in the office ?	no
The president studied in the museum waited .	Did the president study in the museum ?	no
The doctor advised the judge studied in the office .	Did the judge study in the office ?	no
The professors studied in the library introduced the author .	Did the professors study in the library ?	no
The judges thanked the presidents helped in the school .	Did the presidents help in the school ?	no
The doctor presented in the school introduced the students .	Did the doctor present in the school ?	no
The professor investigated in the library stopped the managers .	Did the professor investigate in the library ?	no
The athlete studied in the office encouraged the doctor .	Did the athlete study in the office ?	no
The bankers studied in the school called the doctors .	Did the bankers study in the school ?	no
The tourist avoided the scientists helped in the school .	Did the scientists help in the school ?	no
The student paid in the school danced .	Did the student pay in the school ?	no
The authors presented in the office saw the judges .	Did the authors present in the office ?	no
The manager investigated in the office called the presidents .	Did the manager investigate in the office ?	no
The president helped in the school mentioned the managers .	Did the president help in the school ?	no
The managers helped in the laboratory slept .	Did the managers help in the laboratory ?	no
The judges presented in the school ran .	Did the judges present in the school ?	no
The artists helped in the office avoided the senators .	Did the artists help in the office ?	no
The artists stopped the president paid in the museum .	Did the president pay in the museum ?	no
The scientist paid in the school supported the artist .	Did the scientist pay in the school ?	no
The judge investigated in the library danced .	Did the judge investigate in the library ?	no
The authors investigated in the school stopped the judge .	Did the authors investigate in the school ?	no
The professor helped in the school recognized the actors .	Did the professor help in the school ?	no
The athletes studied in the museum arrived .	Did the athletes study in the museum ?	no
The athletes presented in the library shouted .	Did the athletes present in the library ?	no
The judges helped in the library resigned .	Did the judges help in the library ?	no
The professor presented in the school contacted the athlete .	Did the professor present in the school ?	no
The manager presented in the library contacted the tourist .	Did the manager present in the library ?	no
The athletes believed the tourists helped in the office .	Did the tourists help in the office ?	no
The senators helped in the library called the athlete .	Did the senators help in the library ?	no
The banker paid in the museum avoided the presidents .	Did the banker pay in the museum ?	no
The judges called the doctor investigated in the laboratory .	Did the doctor investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The banker paid in the school stopped the senator .	Did the banker pay in the school ?	no
The authors studied in the school admired the student .	Did the authors study in the school ?	no
The athletes mentioned the senator presented in the laboratory .	Did the senator present in the laboratory ?	no
The athlete investigated in the museum recommended the secretaries .	Did the athlete investigate in the museum ?	no
The scientists helped the bankers paid in the library .	Did the bankers pay in the library ?	no
The professor studied in the school recognized the banker .	Did the professor study in the school ?	no
The president helped in the museum believed the professor .	Did the president help in the museum ?	no
The students presented in the library waited .	Did the students present in the library ?	no
The manager investigated in the laboratory admired the senator .	Did the manager investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The author helped the doctor presented in the school .	Did the doctor present in the school ?	no
The actor investigated in the library performed .	Did the actor investigate in the library ?	no
The senators believed the author presented in the school .	Did the author present in the school ?	no
The lawyers studied in the laboratory thanked the senators .	Did the lawyers study in the laboratory ?	no
The banker advised the artists helped in the school .	Did the artists help in the school ?	no
The athletes supported the manager presented in the school .	Did the manager present in the school ?	no
The scientist helped in the museum arrived .	Did the scientist help in the museum ?	no
The lawyers presented in the office advised the tourists .	Did the lawyers present in the office ?	no
The lawyer presented in the school thanked the bankers .	Did the lawyer present in the school ?	no
The tourists investigated in the library contacted the manager .	Did the tourists investigate in the library ?	no
The scientists presented in the school stopped the professors .	Did the scientists present in the school ?	no
The lawyer admired the bankers helped in the office .	Did the bankers help in the office ?	no
The senators recognized the secretaries paid in the office .	Did the secretaries pay in the office ?	no
The actors helped in the office recommended the athletes .	Did the actors help in the office ?	no
The professors presented in the office believed the lawyers .	Did the professors present in the office ?	no
The managers investigated in the library resigned .	Did the managers investigate in the library ?	no
The banker helped in the museum waited .	Did the banker help in the museum ?	no
The doctors paid in the laboratory waited .	Did the doctors pay in the laboratory ?	no
The scientist paid in the laboratory admired the authors .	Did the scientist pay in the laboratory ?	no
The author called the judge presented in the laboratory .	Did the judge present in the laboratory ?	no
The scientist helped in the office stopped the student .	Did the scientist help in the office ?	no
The senators saw the artist helped in the laboratory .	Did the artist help in the laboratory ?	no
The tourists stopped the student paid in the museum .	Did the student pay in the museum ?	no
The doctors studied in the office recommended the judge .	Did the doctors study in the office ?	no
The tourists recognized the president paid in the school .	Did the president pay in the school ?	no
The actors studied in the museum resigned .	Did the actors study in the museum ?	no
The judges presented in the office encouraged the lawyers .	Did the judges present in the office ?	no
The artists supported the lawyers helped in the library .	Did the lawyers help in the library ?	no
The senators stopped the author studied in the museum .	Did the author study in the museum ?	no
The scientist helped in the laboratory contacted the actors .	Did the scientist help in the laboratory ?	no
The managers studied in the library arrived .	Did the managers study in the library ?	no
The senator contacted the students paid in the museum .	Did the students pay in the museum ?	no
The judges believed the professors helped in the laboratory .	Did the professors help in the laboratory ?	no
The author advised the doctors studied in the school .	Did the doctors study in the school ?	no
The authors paid in the laboratory slept .	Did the authors pay in the laboratory ?	no
The senators studied in the laboratory waited .	Did the senators study in the laboratory ?	no
The actors supported the artist helped in the library .	Did the artist help in the library ?	no
The judges advised the scientist helped in the laboratory .	Did the scientist help in the laboratory ?	no
The bankers believed the students helped in the library .	Did the students help in the library ?	no
The lawyer contacted the manager paid in the museum .	Did the manager pay in the museum ?	no
The lawyers avoided the scientists helped in the museum .	Did the scientists help in the museum ?	no
The managers helped in the office waited .	Did the managers help in the office ?	no
The scientists introduced the banker studied in the office .	Did the banker study in the office ?	no
The secretaries paid in the museum danced .	Did the secretaries pay in the museum ?	no
The artists called the scientist paid in the laboratory .	Did the scientist pay in the laboratory ?	no
The professor paid in the library admired the student .	Did the professor pay in the library ?	no
The lawyers paid in the museum recommended the students .	Did the lawyers pay in the museum ?	no
The secretary presented in the office resigned .	Did the secretary present in the office ?	no
The professor encouraged the banker presented in the office .	Did the banker present in the office ?	no
The president investigated in the laboratory called the students .	Did the president investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The students avoided the lawyer paid in the library .	Did the lawyer pay in the library ?	no
The athletes helped in the office contacted the author .	Did the athletes help in the office ?	no
The professor studied in the school waited .	Did the professor study in the school ?	no
The actor contacted the secretary presented in the library .	Did the secretary present in the library ?	no
The president studied in the office stopped the senator .	Did the president study in the office ?	no
The students investigated in the school contacted the senators .	Did the students investigate in the school ?	no
The artist presented in the school admired the student .	Did the artist present in the school ?	no
The actors presented in the office danced .	Did the actors present in the office ?	no
The student recognized the presidents investigated in the museum .	Did the presidents investigate in the museum ?	no
The artist introduced the bankers helped in the library .	Did the bankers help in the library ?	no
The author paid in the library advised the secretaries .	Did the author pay in the library ?	no
The bankers investigated in the office recognized the secretaries .	Did the bankers investigate in the office ?	no
The doctor studied in the museum supported the judge .	Did the doctor study in the museum ?	no
The athlete paid in the museum ran .	Did the athlete pay in the museum ?	no
The doctors believed the judge helped in the office .	Did the judge help in the office ?	no
The artist presented in the laboratory ran .	Did the artist present in the laboratory ?	no
The artists advised the lawyers investigated in the museum .	Did the lawyers investigate in the museum ?	no
The authors saw the actor studied in the library .	Did the actor study in the library ?	no
The actors mentioned the doctors presented in the school .	Did the doctors present in the school ?	no
The actors helped in the office ran .	Did the actors help in the office ?	no
The lawyers believed the actors studied in the school .	Did the actors study in the school ?	no
The actors mentioned the tourists investigated in the office .	Did the tourists investigate in the office ?	no
The senators studied in the school performed .	Did the senators study in the school ?	no
The senator encouraged the authors helped in the library .	Did the authors help in the library ?	no
The manager studied in the library danced .	Did the manager study in the library ?	no
The professors saw the judges investigated in the museum .	Did the judges investigate in the museum ?	no
The president thanked the judges studied in the laboratory .	Did the judges study in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyers studied in the office helped the artist .	Did the lawyers study in the office ?	no
The tourists recognized the secretary presented in the library .	Did the secretary present in the library ?	no
The artists studied in the office arrived .	Did the artists study in the office ?	no
The secretaries advised the senators helped in the museum .	Did the senators help in the museum ?	no
The scientist presented in the school shouted .	Did the scientist present in the school ?	no
The secretaries paid in the office contacted the managers .	Did the secretaries pay in the office ?	no
The athletes presented in the laboratory avoided the senators .	Did the athletes present in the laboratory ?	no
The author helped in the office waited .	Did the author help in the office ?	no
The professor helped the secretary paid in the office .	Did the secretary pay in the office ?	no
The president helped the judge presented in the school .	Did the judge present in the school ?	no
The lawyers paid in the office ran .	Did the lawyers pay in the office ?	no
The professors presented in the school contacted the judge .	Did the professors present in the school ?	no
The actors presented in the museum recognized the doctor .	Did the actors present in the museum ?	no
The judge avoided the artist presented in the library .	Did the artist present in the library ?	no
The lawyer helped in the museum mentioned the student .	Did the lawyer help in the museum ?	no
The scientist presented in the library thanked the manager .	Did the scientist present in the library ?	no
The artists presented in the office thanked the student .	Did the artists present in the office ?	no
The athlete encouraged the presidents helped in the library .	Did the presidents help in the library ?	no
The scientist helped in the school introduced the actor .	Did the scientist help in the school ?	no
The athletes contacted the secretaries studied in the museum .	Did the secretaries study in the museum ?	no
The president investigated in the library performed .	Did the president investigate in the library ?	no
The scientist helped in the laboratory arrived .	Did the scientist help in the laboratory ?	no
The presidents paid in the school thanked the scientist .	Did the presidents pay in the school ?	no
The senators investigated in the school avoided the judge .	Did the senators investigate in the school ?	no
The actors called the tourists studied in the office .	Did the tourists study in the office ?	no
The judges investigated in the museum avoided the lawyers .	Did the judges investigate in the museum ?	no
The actor thanked the manager paid in the museum .	Did the manager pay in the museum ?	no
The scientists supported the tourists presented in the laboratory .	Did the tourists present in the laboratory ?	no
The bankers investigated in the museum ran .	Did the bankers investigate in the museum ?	no
The professor investigated in the school resigned .	Did the professor investigate in the school ?	no
The artists studied in the school shouted .	Did the artists study in the school ?	no
The banker investigated in the school arrived .	Did the banker investigate in the school ?	no
The presidents encouraged the actor investigated in the laboratory .	Did the actor investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The judge thanked the tourists studied in the museum .	Did the tourists study in the museum ?	no
The banker recommended the professors paid in the laboratory .	Did the professors pay in the laboratory ?	no
The senator paid in the laboratory avoided the tourist .	Did the senator pay in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyer contacted the secretary investigated in the office .	Did the secretary investigate in the office ?	no
The professor presented in the laboratory helped the student .	Did the professor present in the laboratory ?	no
The actors recommended the lawyers paid in the school .	Did the lawyers pay in the school ?	no
The actors presented in the laboratory stopped the tourists .	Did the actors present in the laboratory ?	no
The authors investigated in the museum thanked the doctor .	Did the authors investigate in the museum ?	no
The judge called the doctors investigated in the office .	Did the doctors investigate in the office ?	no
The students mentioned the athletes helped in the museum .	Did the athletes help in the museum ?	no
The president supported the actors studied in the library .	Did the actors study in the library ?	no
The judge thanked the managers presented in the laboratory .	Did the managers present in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyers investigated in the school stopped the professor .	Did the lawyers investigate in the school ?	no
The artist thanked the athletes helped in the museum .	Did the athletes help in the museum ?	no
The lawyers paid in the school recognized the senator .	Did the lawyers pay in the school ?	no
The presidents admired the judges paid in the museum .	Did the judges pay in the museum ?	no
The authors supported the secretary investigated in the library .	Did the secretary investigate in the library ?	no
The tourists presented in the school performed .	Did the tourists present in the school ?	no
The artist studied in the laboratory thanked the doctors .	Did the artist study in the laboratory ?	no
The authors saw the manager investigated in the office .	Did the manager investigate in the office ?	no
The scientist avoided the senators investigated in the laboratory .	Did the senators investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyer helped in the school resigned .	Did the lawyer help in the school ?	no
The tourists mentioned the author presented in the school .	Did the author present in the school ?	no
The scientists paid in the office mentioned the artist .	Did the scientists pay in the office ?	no
The scientist admired the managers helped in the school .	Did the managers help in the school ?	no
The scientist encouraged the professors studied in the office .	Did the professors study in the office ?	no
The athletes contacted the bankers helped in the laboratory .	Did the bankers help in the laboratory ?	no
The professors paid in the library recommended the athlete .	Did the professors pay in the library ?	no
The scientist contacted the tourist paid in the office .	Did the tourist pay in the office ?	no
The students recommended the presidents presented in the school .	Did the presidents present in the school ?	no
The professor helped in the school believed the presidents .	Did the professor help in the school ?	no
The managers investigated in the laboratory recognized the professor .	Did the managers investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The managers paid in the laboratory waited .	Did the managers pay in the laboratory ?	no
The tourist presented in the laboratory recommended the professor .	Did the tourist present in the laboratory ?	no
The professor believed the lawyer helped in the laboratory .	Did the lawyer help in the laboratory ?	no
The presidents helped in the museum shouted .	Did the presidents help in the museum ?	no
The professors investigated in the office ran .	Did the professors investigate in the office ?	no
The authors presented in the museum danced .	Did the authors present in the museum ?	no
The bankers presented in the office stopped the artists .	Did the bankers present in the office ?	no
The professor advised the doctor presented in the school .	Did the doctor present in the school ?	no
The scientists avoided the lawyer presented in the office .	Did the lawyer present in the office ?	no
The athlete investigated in the library recommended the lawyer .	Did the athlete investigate in the library ?	no
The athlete paid in the library recognized the judge .	Did the athlete pay in the library ?	no
The scientists studied in the office stopped the author .	Did the scientists study in the office ?	no
The manager encouraged the tourist helped in the laboratory .	Did the tourist help in the laboratory ?	no
The manager called the lawyers helped in the library .	Did the lawyers help in the library ?	no
The scientists paid in the laboratory performed .	Did the scientists pay in the laboratory ?	no
The artist studied in the office believed the tourists .	Did the artist study in the office ?	no
The professors investigated in the laboratory waited .	Did the professors investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The bankers investigated in the laboratory believed the athletes .	Did the bankers investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The manager avoided the doctors helped in the library .	Did the doctors help in the library ?	no
The doctor helped in the school called the banker .	Did the doctor help in the school ?	no
The doctor introduced the banker studied in the laboratory .	Did the banker study in the laboratory ?	no
The actor paid in the library recognized the lawyers .	Did the actor pay in the library ?	no
The lawyer investigated in the office performed .	Did the lawyer investigate in the office ?	no
The president paid in the laboratory admired the secretaries .	Did the president pay in the laboratory ?	no
The judges believed the bankers paid in the office .	Did the bankers pay in the office ?	no
The tourists studied in the library saw the doctors .	Did the tourists study in the library ?	no
The professor advised the secretary investigated in the office .	Did the secretary investigate in the office ?	no
The bankers presented in the office recognized the senators .	Did the bankers present in the office ?	no
The bankers advised the judges studied in the laboratory .	Did the judges study in the laboratory ?	no
The students investigated in the library thanked the presidents .	Did the students investigate in the library ?	no
The judge helped in the laboratory resigned .	Did the judge help in the laboratory ?	no
The judges admired the tourist investigated in the library .	Did the tourist investigate in the library ?	no
The tourist thanked the author paid in the office .	Did the author pay in the office ?	no
The lawyer contacted the manager studied in the school .	Did the manager study in the school ?	no
The tourists paid in the museum thanked the authors .	Did the tourists pay in the museum ?	no
The artists recognized the banker paid in the laboratory .	Did the banker pay in the laboratory ?	no
The judge studied in the museum mentioned the doctors .	Did the judge study in the museum ?	no
The lawyer paid in the school admired the president .	Did the lawyer pay in the school ?	no
The author studied in the museum supported the artists .	Did the author study in the museum ?	no
The professor stopped the student presented in the laboratory .	Did the student present in the laboratory ?	no
The managers presented in the library supported the students .	Did the managers present in the library ?	no
The bankers recognized the artists presented in the school .	Did the artists present in the school ?	no
The athlete presented in the laboratory performed .	Did the athlete present in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyer contacted the actors studied in the museum .	Did the actors study in the museum ?	no
The tourists encouraged the athletes investigated in the museum .	Did the athletes investigate in the museum ?	no
The lawyers saw the author helped in the library .	Did the author help in the library ?	no
The scientists studied in the laboratory resigned .	Did the scientists study in the laboratory ?	no
The students presented in the library resigned .	Did the students present in the library ?	no
The bankers contacted the lawyers presented in the office .	Did the lawyers present in the office ?	no
The students mentioned the artist investigated in the library .	Did the artist investigate in the library ?	no
The athlete paid in the school admired the secretaries .	Did the athlete pay in the school ?	no
The managers investigated in the office slept .	Did the managers investigate in the office ?	no
The presidents studied in the library arrived .	Did the presidents study in the library ?	no
The presidents helped in the school shouted .	Did the presidents help in the school ?	no
The actors studied in the library mentioned the artist .	Did the actors study in the library ?	no
The professors believed the athlete investigated in the office .	Did the athlete investigate in the office ?	no
The manager paid in the laboratory believed the president .	Did the manager pay in the laboratory ?	no
The actors paid in the school admired the secretaries .	Did the actors pay in the school ?	no
The bankers advised the judge investigated in the school .	Did the judge investigate in the school ?	no
The athletes studied in the laboratory ran .	Did the athletes study in the laboratory ?	no
The manager saw the senator presented in the laboratory .	Did the senator present in the laboratory ?	no
The actors advised the tourist paid in the library .	Did the tourist pay in the library ?	no
The student recognized the senators paid in the laboratory .	Did the senators pay in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyers recommended the artists investigated in the office .	Did the artists investigate in the office ?	no
The doctor paid in the office resigned .	Did the doctor pay in the office ?	no
The professor thanked the scientists studied in the school .	Did the scientists study in the school ?	no
The lawyers mentioned the actors paid in the library .	Did the actors pay in the library ?	no
The students paid in the school believed the lawyer .	Did the students pay in the school ?	no
The senator investigated in the museum supported the secretaries .	Did the senator investigate in the museum ?	no
The student recognized the tourists presented in the library .	Did the tourists present in the library ?	no
The secretary thanked the artists presented in the library .	Did the artists present in the library ?	no
The athlete helped in the library advised the professors .	Did the athlete help in the library ?	no
The authors called the secretary studied in the laboratory .	Did the secretary study in the laboratory ?	no
The scientists helped in the office waited .	Did the scientists help in the office ?	no
The secretaries presented in the laboratory recommended the president .	Did the secretaries present in the laboratory ?	no
The managers studied in the laboratory slept .	Did the managers study in the laboratory ?	no
The banker studied in the museum performed .	Did the banker study in the museum ?	no
The manager paid in the museum encouraged the bankers .	Did the manager pay in the museum ?	no
The scientist encouraged the artists investigated in the office .	Did the artists investigate in the office ?	no
The lawyers paid in the office avoided the tourists .	Did the lawyers pay in the office ?	no
The artist encouraged the president investigated in the laboratory .	Did the president investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The actor mentioned the judges presented in the laboratory .	Did the judges present in the laboratory ?	no
The secretary investigated in the office admired the actor .	Did the secretary investigate in the office ?	no
The secretaries investigated in the office encouraged the judge .	Did the secretaries investigate in the office ?	no
The student called the authors paid in the office .	Did the authors pay in the office ?	no
The authors investigated in the library shouted .	Did the authors investigate in the library ?	no
The lawyer advised the doctors investigated in the office .	Did the doctors investigate in the office ?	no
The author investigated in the school recommended the actors .	Did the author investigate in the school ?	no
The scientist paid in the school ran .	Did the scientist pay in the school ?	no
The professors believed the lawyers studied in the office .	Did the lawyers study in the office ?	no
The doctor investigated in the museum encouraged the artists .	Did the doctor investigate in the museum ?	no
The actors studied in the school thanked the bankers .	Did the actors study in the school ?	no
The professors supported the student investigated in the office .	Did the student investigate in the office ?	no
The professor helped in the library mentioned the students .	Did the professor help in the library ?	no
The banker recommended the tourist investigated in the school .	Did the tourist investigate in the school ?	no
The scientist studied in the museum avoided the actors .	Did the scientist study in the museum ?	no
The judges helped in the museum shouted .	Did the judges help in the museum ?	no
The artist helped in the library danced .	Did the artist help in the library ?	no
The athlete helped in the school waited .	Did the athlete help in the school ?	no
The doctors presented in the office called the actors .	Did the doctors present in the office ?	no
The athletes introduced the tourist presented in the library .	Did the tourist present in the library ?	no
The lawyer studied in the museum performed .	Did the lawyer study in the museum ?	no
The presidents admired the lawyers presented in the office .	Did the lawyers present in the office ?	no
The author called the secretaries paid in the museum .	Did the secretaries pay in the museum ?	no
The actor advised the athlete helped in the library .	Did the athlete help in the library ?	no
The president paid in the office danced .	Did the president pay in the office ?	no
The lawyers studied in the laboratory introduced the secretaries .	Did the lawyers study in the laboratory ?	no
The professors presented in the school ran .	Did the professors present in the school ?	no
The doctor supported the senators investigated in the laboratory .	Did the senators investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The authors presented in the laboratory supported the senators .	Did the authors present in the laboratory ?	no
The doctors encouraged the manager studied in the office .	Did the manager study in the office ?	no
The professor studied in the library recognized the author .	Did the professor study in the library ?	no
The senators recommended the authors presented in the library .	Did the authors present in the library ?	no
The author saw the actor studied in the laboratory .	Did the actor study in the laboratory ?	no
The secretaries paid in the office performed .	Did the secretaries pay in the office ?	no
The judge supported the athletes investigated in the museum .	Did the athletes investigate in the museum ?	no
The senator studied in the school advised the secretaries .	Did the senator study in the school ?	no
The athlete admired the author presented in the office .	Did the author present in the office ?	no
The managers helped the professor presented in the office .	Did the professor present in the office ?	no
The athlete believed the senator paid in the laboratory .	Did the senator pay in the laboratory ?	no
The president recognized the judges paid in the school .	Did the judges pay in the school ?	no
The scientists helped in the laboratory recognized the bankers .	Did the scientists help in the laboratory ?	no
The judge investigated in the laboratory performed .	Did the judge investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The doctors contacted the tourists investigated in the museum .	Did the tourists investigate in the museum ?	no
The presidents encouraged the author paid in the school .	Did the author pay in the school ?	no
The president investigated in the school admired the student .	Did the president investigate in the school ?	no
The artists introduced the students presented in the library .	Did the students present in the library ?	no
The doctors investigated in the school contacted the lawyer .	Did the doctors investigate in the school ?	no
The scientists advised the judge helped in the laboratory .	Did the judge help in the laboratory ?	no
The tourist studied in the museum ran .	Did the tourist study in the museum ?	no
The tourist advised the professors paid in the laboratory .	Did the professors pay in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyers introduced the secretary helped in the laboratory .	Did the secretary help in the laboratory ?	no
The judge paid in the library contacted the students .	Did the judge pay in the library ?	no
The scientists paid in the school supported the senators .	Did the scientists pay in the school ?	no
The judge encouraged the professors investigated in the museum .	Did the professors investigate in the museum ?	no
The judge encouraged the actors studied in the laboratory .	Did the actors study in the laboratory ?	no
The athletes presented in the school called the bankers .	Did the athletes present in the school ?	no
The doctor helped in the laboratory called the artist .	Did the doctor help in the laboratory ?	no
The students investigated in the museum called the presidents .	Did the students investigate in the museum ?	no
The secretary thanked the artists studied in the laboratory .	Did the artists study in the laboratory ?	no
The artist recommended the author paid in the school .	Did the author pay in the school ?	no
The scientist paid in the school contacted the banker .	Did the scientist pay in the school ?	no
The senators studied in the school mentioned the students .	Did the senators study in the school ?	no
The athlete called the lawyers helped in the school .	Did the lawyers help in the school ?	no
The managers helped in the library avoided the tourists .	Did the managers help in the library ?	no
The judges recognized the bankers paid in the school .	Did the bankers pay in the school ?	no
The doctor investigated in the office advised the artists .	Did the doctor investigate in the office ?	no
The presidents contacted the actor presented in the office .	Did the actor present in the office ?	no
The secretaries studied in the office waited .	Did the secretaries study in the office ?	no
The actor investigated in the laboratory recommended the presidents .	Did the actor investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The scientist helped in the office encouraged the presidents .	Did the scientist help in the office ?	no
The athlete called the actor paid in the museum .	Did the actor pay in the museum ?	no
The athlete presented in the laboratory slept .	Did the athlete present in the laboratory ?	no
The actors helped in the school shouted .	Did the actors help in the school ?	no
The artist studied in the school advised the judge .	Did the artist study in the school ?	no
The author saw the secretary paid in the office .	Did the secretary pay in the office ?	no
The students investigated in the library admired the judges .	Did the students investigate in the library ?	no
The bankers helped in the office stopped the lawyer .	Did the bankers help in the office ?	no
The judge encouraged the actors investigated in the library .	Did the actors investigate in the library ?	no
The managers presented in the laboratory arrived .	Did the managers present in the laboratory ?	no
The managers investigated in the laboratory helped the artists .	Did the managers investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The managers investigated in the school called the secretaries .	Did the managers investigate in the school ?	no
The presidents studied in the office arrived .	Did the presidents study in the office ?	no
The authors helped in the library resigned .	Did the authors help in the library ?	no
The senators recommended the tourists investigated in the museum .	Did the tourists investigate in the museum ?	no
The lawyers helped in the school believed the secretary .	Did the lawyers help in the school ?	no
The doctor called the bankers studied in the laboratory .	Did the bankers study in the laboratory ?	no
The tourist paid in the school ran .	Did the tourist pay in the school ?	no
The athlete avoided the author helped in the school .	Did the author help in the school ?	no
The professors admired the actors paid in the museum .	Did the actors pay in the museum ?	no
The artist stopped the secretaries presented in the library .	Did the secretaries present in the library ?	no
The secretary advised the judges investigated in the museum .	Did the judges investigate in the museum ?	no
The doctors paid in the school danced .	Did the doctors pay in the school ?	no
The presidents advised the bankers studied in the office .	Did the bankers study in the office ?	no
The secretaries believed the tourist investigated in the museum .	Did the tourist investigate in the museum ?	no
The judges presented in the office slept .	Did the judges present in the office ?	no
The athlete introduced the bankers presented in the office .	Did the bankers present in the office ?	no
The professors stopped the scientists studied in the office .	Did the scientists study in the office ?	no
The scientists believed the athletes studied in the school .	Did the athletes study in the school ?	no
The banker investigated in the office called the senators .	Did the banker investigate in the office ?	no
The athletes helped in the museum arrived .	Did the athletes help in the museum ?	no
The actors investigated in the school danced .	Did the actors investigate in the school ?	no
The doctors paid in the laboratory shouted .	Did the doctors pay in the laboratory ?	no
The artist stopped the actor studied in the laboratory .	Did the actor study in the laboratory ?	no
The actors recognized the bankers investigated in the library .	Did the bankers investigate in the library ?	no
The presidents presented in the museum contacted the artists .	Did the presidents present in the museum ?	no
The actor admired the secretaries helped in the museum .	Did the secretaries help in the museum ?	no
The secretaries advised the bankers investigated in the school .	Did the bankers investigate in the school ?	no
The managers helped in the museum resigned .	Did the managers help in the museum ?	no
The actors studied in the museum contacted the authors .	Did the actors study in the museum ?	no
The managers investigated in the museum introduced the bankers .	Did the managers investigate in the museum ?	no
The manager paid in the school called the judges .	Did the manager pay in the school ?	no
The secretary helped in the library recognized the managers .	Did the secretary help in the library ?	no
The banker studied in the office resigned .	Did the banker study in the office ?	no
The athlete encouraged the professors presented in the laboratory .	Did the professors present in the laboratory ?	no
The author studied in the school slept .	Did the author study in the school ?	no
The artists investigated in the school recognized the scientists .	Did the artists investigate in the school ?	no
The manager presented in the office avoided the doctor .	Did the manager present in the office ?	no
The actors contacted the artist helped in the library .	Did the artist help in the library ?	no
The professor studied in the laboratory advised the student .	Did the professor study in the laboratory ?	no
The banker presented in the office mentioned the senators .	Did the banker present in the office ?	no
The senator presented in the laboratory recognized the tourists .	Did the senator present in the laboratory ?	no
The bankers studied in the school slept .	Did the bankers study in the school ?	no
The managers recommended the president presented in the school .	Did the president present in the school ?	no
The judge paid in the office arrived .	Did the judge pay in the office ?	no
The manager investigated in the laboratory resigned .	Did the manager investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The scientist studied in the laboratory arrived .	Did the scientist study in the laboratory ?	no
The authors thanked the presidents helped in the library .	Did the presidents help in the library ?	no
The athlete recommended the presidents investigated in the office .	Did the presidents investigate in the office ?	no
The banker investigated in the museum ran .	Did the banker investigate in the museum ?	no
The professors helped the artist presented in the laboratory .	Did the artist present in the laboratory ?	no
The managers admired the tourist presented in the laboratory .	Did the tourist present in the laboratory ?	no
The doctors saw the professors presented in the office .	Did the professors present in the office ?	no
The senators admired the doctor helped in the office .	Did the doctor help in the office ?	no
The managers studied in the laboratory performed .	Did the managers study in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyers presented in the office admired the senators .	Did the lawyers present in the office ?	no
The artist studied in the library believed the professor .	Did the artist study in the library ?	no
The lawyer helped in the office mentioned the author .	Did the lawyer help in the office ?	no
The judges studied in the school thanked the senators .	Did the judges study in the school ?	no
The doctor studied in the library contacted the professors .	Did the doctor study in the library ?	no
The authors studied in the laboratory shouted .	Did the authors study in the laboratory ?	no
The banker paid in the library saw the lawyer .	Did the banker pay in the library ?	no
The judge stopped the professor paid in the school .	Did the professor pay in the school ?	no
The authors presented in the library recognized the doctors .	Did the authors present in the library ?	no
The actor thanked the author paid in the laboratory .	Did the author pay in the laboratory ?	no
The manager helped in the museum arrived .	Did the manager help in the museum ?	no
The doctors investigated in the museum mentioned the athletes .	Did the doctors investigate in the museum ?	no
The doctors paid in the laboratory recommended the banker .	Did the doctors pay in the laboratory ?	no
The actor recognized the lawyer studied in the museum .	Did the lawyer study in the museum ?	no
The banker helped in the laboratory supported the doctor .	Did the banker help in the laboratory ?	no
The secretary paid in the laboratory introduced the author .	Did the secretary pay in the laboratory ?	no
The actor admired the lawyer paid in the museum .	Did the lawyer pay in the museum ?	no
The authors contacted the manager studied in the museum .	Did the manager study in the museum ?	no
The artist helped in the library shouted .	Did the artist help in the library ?	no
The judge paid in the museum resigned .	Did the judge pay in the museum ?	no
The lawyer mentioned the students presented in the school .	Did the students present in the school ?	no
The actors investigated in the office shouted .	Did the actors investigate in the office ?	no
The secretaries paid in the library shouted .	Did the secretaries pay in the library ?	no
The actors paid in the school shouted .	Did the actors pay in the school ?	no
The lawyers studied in the library performed .	Did the lawyers study in the library ?	no
The doctors paid in the museum mentioned the lawyers .	Did the doctors pay in the museum ?	no
The lawyer stopped the scientists paid in the library .	Did the scientists pay in the library ?	no
The student encouraged the tourists helped in the library .	Did the tourists help in the library ?	no
The lawyers thanked the students presented in the office .	Did the students present in the office ?	no
The professor studied in the school contacted the actors .	Did the professor study in the school ?	no
The authors investigated in the office waited .	Did the authors investigate in the office ?	no
The judges helped in the school introduced the athlete .	Did the judges help in the school ?	no
The doctors helped the lawyers studied in the museum .	Did the lawyers study in the museum ?	no
The tourist believed the bankers presented in the laboratory .	Did the bankers present in the laboratory ?	no
The authors helped in the museum resigned .	Did the authors help in the museum ?	no
The bankers contacted the doctor presented in the laboratory .	Did the doctor present in the laboratory ?	no
The manager presented in the office resigned .	Did the manager present in the office ?	no
The senators studied in the office helped the actor .	Did the senators study in the office ?	no
The athletes helped in the laboratory arrived .	Did the athletes help in the laboratory ?	no
The author stopped the professor investigated in the library .	Did the professor investigate in the library ?	no
The authors studied in the office thanked the banker .	Did the authors study in the office ?	no
The senators investigated in the office performed .	Did the senators investigate in the office ?	no
The scientists thanked the senators investigated in the library .	Did the senators investigate in the library ?	no
The athletes encouraged the lawyers investigated in the school .	Did the lawyers investigate in the school ?	no
The tourists encouraged the secretaries helped in the school .	Did the secretaries help in the school ?	no
The doctors investigated in the museum supported the actor .	Did the doctors investigate in the museum ?	no
The secretaries helped in the museum shouted .	Did the secretaries help in the museum ?	no
The athlete helped in the office encouraged the tourists .	Did the athlete help in the office ?	no
The athletes admired the lawyers studied in the laboratory .	Did the lawyers study in the laboratory ?	no
The professors presented in the laboratory shouted .	Did the professors present in the laboratory ?	no
The senator helped in the laboratory stopped the doctor .	Did the senator help in the laboratory ?	no
The tourist presented in the office saw the banker .	Did the tourist present in the office ?	no
The managers recommended the lawyer paid in the office .	Did the lawyer pay in the office ?	no
The president paid in the museum recognized the artists .	Did the president pay in the museum ?	no
The artist presented in the school called the secretaries .	Did the artist present in the school ?	no
The lawyer stopped the scientist studied in the library .	Did the scientist study in the library ?	no
The athlete avoided the professors presented in the school .	Did the professors present in the school ?	no
The president advised the secretary studied in the laboratory .	Did the secretary study in the laboratory ?	no
The actor advised the scientists presented in the school .	Did the scientists present in the school ?	no
The athlete presented in the library slept .	Did the athlete present in the library ?	no
The professor presented in the library helped the lawyers .	Did the professor present in the library ?	no
The actor paid in the library thanked the student .	Did the actor pay in the library ?	no
The secretary helped in the library saw the senators .	Did the secretary help in the library ?	no
The senator stopped the bankers presented in the library .	Did the bankers present in the library ?	no
The doctors presented in the school believed the senators .	Did the doctors present in the school ?	no
The banker presented in the school contacted the senators .	Did the banker present in the school ?	no
The artists investigated in the office advised the doctors .	Did the artists investigate in the office ?	no
The president studied in the school shouted .	Did the president study in the school ?	no
The banker investigated in the laboratory resigned .	Did the banker investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The president studied in the office supported the doctor .	Did the president study in the office ?	no
The managers investigated in the school introduced the scientist .	Did the managers investigate in the school ?	no
The banker contacted the manager studied in the library .	Did the manager study in the library ?	no
The artists studied in the museum admired the author .	Did the artists study in the museum ?	no
The students advised the doctor investigated in the laboratory .	Did the doctor investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The presidents advised the actor helped in the museum .	Did the actor help in the museum ?	no
The lawyers thanked the secretary presented in the museum .	Did the secretary present in the museum ?	no
The presidents supported the judge studied in the laboratory .	Did the judge study in the laboratory ?	no
The actors studied in the school danced .	Did the actors study in the school ?	no
The presidents paid in the museum admired the senators .	Did the presidents pay in the museum ?	no
The professors paid in the library mentioned the secretary .	Did the professors pay in the library ?	no
The president presented in the office admired the artists .	Did the president present in the office ?	no
The doctor investigated in the office contacted the bankers .	Did the doctor investigate in the office ?	no
The manager investigated in the school believed the senator .	Did the manager investigate in the school ?	no
The tourist presented in the school danced .	Did the tourist present in the school ?	no
The tourist encouraged the judge paid in the laboratory .	Did the judge pay in the laboratory ?	no
The athlete studied in the office advised the artist .	Did the athlete study in the office ?	no
The athlete believed the doctors paid in the library .	Did the doctors pay in the library ?	no
The athlete contacted the judge paid in the office .	Did the judge pay in the office ?	no
The tourists helped in the library resigned .	Did the tourists help in the library ?	no
The author investigated in the laboratory admired the banker .	Did the author investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyers believed the secretaries helped in the laboratory .	Did the secretaries help in the laboratory ?	no
The secretaries presented in the office recognized the students .	Did the secretaries present in the office ?	no
The secretaries avoided the artists paid in the office .	Did the artists pay in the office ?	no
The scientists studied in the museum believed the manager .	Did the scientists study in the museum ?	no
The presidents helped in the school mentioned the actor .	Did the presidents help in the school ?	no
The managers stopped the lawyer helped in the laboratory .	Did the lawyer help in the laboratory ?	no
The actors helped in the school supported the scientist .	Did the actors help in the school ?	no
The tourist studied in the laboratory recognized the actor .	Did the tourist study in the laboratory ?	no
The doctor studied in the museum called the tourist .	Did the doctor study in the museum ?	no
The secretaries studied in the school stopped the scientists .	Did the secretaries study in the school ?	no
The judge paid in the laboratory slept .	Did the judge pay in the laboratory ?	no
The artist paid in the school slept .	Did the artist pay in the school ?	no
The authors presented in the school contacted the senator .	Did the authors present in the school ?	no
The judge advised the student helped in the office .	Did the student help in the office ?	no
The judges thanked the professors presented in the school .	Did the professors present in the school ?	no
The professors recommended the senator investigated in the library .	Did the senator investigate in the library ?	no
The athlete saw the manager studied in the office .	Did the manager study in the office ?	no
The doctor presented in the office supported the athlete .	Did the doctor present in the office ?	no
The president presented in the library encouraged the doctors .	Did the president present in the library ?	no
The lawyer presented in the office mentioned the athletes .	Did the lawyer present in the office ?	no
The student helped in the office introduced the bankers .	Did the student help in the office ?	no
The students introduced the professors paid in the laboratory .	Did the professors pay in the laboratory ?	no
The bankers saw the actor investigated in the laboratory .	Did the actor investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The professor presented in the laboratory shouted .	Did the professor present in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyer presented in the office stopped the president .	Did the lawyer present in the office ?	no
The actor thanked the athletes studied in the museum .	Did the athletes study in the museum ?	no
The student helped in the school waited .	Did the student help in the school ?	no
The judge advised the senators helped in the laboratory .	Did the senators help in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyers saw the managers helped in the office .	Did the managers help in the office ?	no
The athlete studied in the laboratory believed the managers .	Did the athlete study in the laboratory ?	no
The professor supported the doctor helped in the school .	Did the doctor help in the school ?	no
The scientists presented in the office arrived .	Did the scientists present in the office ?	no
The lawyers encouraged the manager helped in the museum .	Did the manager help in the museum ?	no
The actors paid in the laboratory arrived .	Did the actors pay in the laboratory ?	no
The managers helped in the museum contacted the doctors .	Did the managers help in the museum ?	no
The author believed the students presented in the school .	Did the students present in the school ?	no
The judges supported the senator presented in the laboratory .	Did the senator present in the laboratory ?	no
The senator paid in the laboratory recognized the scientists .	Did the senator pay in the laboratory ?	no
The scientists helped in the museum advised the senator .	Did the scientists help in the museum ?	no
The actors called the athletes studied in the school .	Did the athletes study in the school ?	no
The judge paid in the museum arrived .	Did the judge pay in the museum ?	no
The professor investigated in the laboratory supported the artists .	Did the professor investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The artist presented in the library recognized the athletes .	Did the artist present in the library ?	no
The professors helped in the library contacted the senators .	Did the professors help in the library ?	no
The doctor investigated in the laboratory waited .	Did the doctor investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The bankers studied in the museum stopped the athletes .	Did the bankers study in the museum ?	no
The athletes investigated in the museum danced .	Did the athletes investigate in the museum ?	no
The authors admired the secretary paid in the museum .	Did the secretary pay in the museum ?	no
The artist investigated in the museum stopped the bankers .	Did the artist investigate in the museum ?	no
The authors investigated in the school admired the professors .	Did the authors investigate in the school ?	no
The manager presented in the school admired the artists .	Did the manager present in the school ?	no
The lawyer admired the scientists investigated in the library .	Did the scientists investigate in the library ?	no
The artists paid in the office recognized the tourist .	Did the artists pay in the office ?	no
The artist presented in the school ran .	Did the artist present in the school ?	no
The judges presented in the museum waited .	Did the judges present in the museum ?	no
The actor contacted the athlete paid in the library .	Did the athlete pay in the library ?	no
The banker presented in the school called the presidents .	Did the banker present in the school ?	no
The tourists encouraged the managers helped in the office .	Did the managers help in the office ?	no
The author helped in the laboratory recognized the presidents .	Did the author help in the laboratory ?	no
The judge helped in the school saw the scientists .	Did the judge help in the school ?	no
The banker mentioned the author investigated in the school .	Did the author investigate in the school ?	no
The students paid in the library shouted .	Did the students pay in the library ?	no
The lawyers studied in the laboratory arrived .	Did the lawyers study in the laboratory ?	no
The scientist recommended the actors paid in the museum .	Did the actors pay in the museum ?	no
The authors presented in the school called the actor .	Did the authors present in the school ?	no
The bankers studied in the library waited .	Did the bankers study in the library ?	no
The student investigated in the laboratory encouraged the scientist .	Did the student investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The lawyer paid in the office thanked the scientist .	Did the lawyer pay in the office ?	no
The judge stopped the tourists investigated in the museum .	Did the tourists investigate in the museum ?	no
The scientist investigated in the library supported the authors .	Did the scientist investigate in the library ?	no
The student recommended the actor helped in the library .	Did the actor help in the library ?	no
The tourists saw the bankers paid in the museum .	Did the bankers pay in the museum ?	no
The secretary presented in the library helped the doctor .	Did the secretary present in the library ?	no
The banker investigated in the library stopped the senators .	Did the banker investigate in the library ?	no
The managers believed the actors helped in the museum .	Did the actors help in the museum ?	no
The professors supported the scientist investigated in the library .	Did the scientist investigate in the library ?	no
The athletes paid in the school thanked the doctor .	Did the athletes pay in the school ?	no
The doctor investigated in the school danced .	Did the doctor investigate in the school ?	no
The judges helped in the laboratory believed the senator .	Did the judges help in the laboratory ?	no
The president investigated in the school called the actors .	Did the president investigate in the school ?	no
The scientist presented in the museum introduced the senator .	Did the scientist present in the museum ?	no
The athlete believed the students paid in the museum .	Did the students pay in the museum ?	no
The secretary investigated in the library recommended the students .	Did the secretary investigate in the library ?	no
The managers saw the student presented in the library .	Did the student present in the library ?	no
The bankers investigated in the office stopped the tourists .	Did the bankers investigate in the office ?	no
The secretaries admired the students investigated in the laboratory .	Did the students investigate in the laboratory ?	no
The tourist recommended the secretaries studied in the museum .	Did the secretaries study in the museum ?	no
The judges admired the actors investigated in the library .	Did the actors investigate in the library ?	no
The student supported the actor studied in the office .	Did the actor study in the office ?	no
Since the athlete hid the secretaries introduced the president .	Did the athlete hide the secretaries ?	no
Before the actors presented the professors advised the manager .	Did the actors present the professors ?	no
Although the judges paid the tourist arrived .	Did the judges pay the tourist ?	no
Although the authors studied the managers arrived .	Did the authors study the managers ?	no
Since the judge stopped the author contacted the managers .	Did the judge stop the author ?	no
Since the secretaries presented the actor avoided the authors .	Did the secretaries present the actor ?	no
Although the students studied the bankers called the senators .	Did the students study the bankers ?	no
Although the presidents moved the tourist advised the secretaries .	Did the presidents move the tourist ?	no
After the professor paid the lawyer danced .	Did the professor pay the lawyer ?	no
Before the lawyer stopped the presidents resigned .	Did the lawyer stop the presidents ?	no
When the president presented the lawyers contacted the secretary .	Did the president present the lawyers ?	no
Since the tourists moved the judge contacted the president .	Did the tourists move the judge ?	no
When the students fought the secretary ran .	Did the students fight the secretary ?	no
When the athletes stopped the secretary waited .	Did the athletes stop the secretary ?	no
Although the doctor presented the tourists arrived .	Did the doctor present the tourists ?	no
Before the professor studied the scientists arrived .	Did the professor study the scientists ?	no
Before the judges moved the tourist stopped the senators .	Did the judges move the tourist ?	no
Since the manager stopped the tourist introduced the doctor .	Did the manager stop the tourist ?	no
While the professor moved the banker shouted .	Did the professor move the banker ?	no
While the senators stopped the manager saw the authors .	Did the senators stop the manager ?	no
While the doctors fought the manager encouraged the athletes .	Did the doctors fight the manager ?	no
Because the banker paid the senators recommended the professor .	Did the banker pay the senators ?	no
When the athlete hid the doctor admired the actors .	Did the athlete hide the doctor ?	no
After the secretary stopped the scientist waited .	Did the secretary stop the scientist ?	no
Before the presidents fought the manager arrived .	Did the presidents fight the manager ?	no
Because the authors hid the presidents encouraged the athletes .	Did the authors hide the presidents ?	no
After the senators fought the doctors supported the secretaries .	Did the senators fight the doctors ?	no
While the author moved the doctor believed the tourist .	Did the author move the doctor ?	no
Although the artists paid the student slept .	Did the artists pay the student ?	no
Although the manager moved the judges helped the scientists .	Did the manager move the judges ?	no
After the secretaries studied the doctors called the students .	Did the secretaries study the doctors ?	no
Since the tourists hid the artist called the scientist .	Did the tourists hide the artist ?	no
Although the actors fought the manager stopped the scientist .	Did the actors fight the manager ?	no
When the actor paid the doctor admired the student .	Did the actor pay the doctor ?	no
Since the artist presented the authors admired the students .	Did the artist present the authors ?	no
Since the actor studied the athletes recognized the judges .	Did the actor study the athletes ?	no
While the secretary studied the scientist slept .	Did the secretary study the scientist ?	no
Since the student studied the lawyer resigned .	Did the student study the lawyer ?	no
After the actor studied the presidents recommended the bankers .	Did the actor study the presidents ?	no
Because the senators fought the secretaries saw the scientist .	Did the senators fight the secretaries ?	no
While the scientist stopped the president thanked the judges .	Did the scientist stop the president ?	no
Although the authors paid the student encouraged the banker .	Did the authors pay the student ?	no
After the judge stopped the secretary thanked the scientists .	Did the judge stop the secretary ?	no
Since the judge moved the doctors introduced the managers .	Did the judge move the doctors ?	no
While the professor studied the scientist introduced the president .	Did the professor study the scientist ?	no
After the president stopped the artists recognized the athletes .	Did the president stop the artists ?	no
Before the secretary studied the judges called the authors .	Did the secretary study the judges ?	no
Because the banker presented the actors avoided the professors .	Did the banker present the actors ?	no
Before the secretary hid the banker slept .	Did the secretary hide the banker ?	no
Since the manager studied the senators saw the actors .	Did the manager study the senators ?	no
Before the judges presented the author encouraged the artists .	Did the judges present the author ?	no
Although the senators paid the lawyer mentioned the students .	Did the senators pay the lawyer ?	no
Since the tourists moved the doctor danced .	Did the tourists move the doctor ?	no
Since the professors fought the senator stopped the tourist .	Did the professors fight the senator ?	no
After the authors fought the artist arrived .	Did the authors fight the artist ?	no
After the banker paid the judges performed .	Did the banker pay the judges ?	no
After the lawyer paid the judges recommended the author .	Did the lawyer pay the judges ?	no
Because the scientists stopped the banker resigned .	Did the scientists stop the banker ?	no
While the lawyer hid the secretaries mentioned the judges .	Did the lawyer hide the secretaries ?	no
Since the tourist studied the student advised the athletes .	Did the tourist study the student ?	no
After the president moved the students called the doctor .	Did the president move the students ?	no
After the manager studied the doctor admired the professors .	Did the manager study the doctor ?	no
After the students moved the manager avoided the authors .	Did the students move the manager ?	no
After the doctors paid the manager helped the scientists .	Did the doctors pay the manager ?	no
Because the senators fought the actors called the author .	Did the senators fight the actors ?	no
Since the athletes fought the banker resigned .	Did the athletes fight the banker ?	no
After the judges moved the professor waited .	Did the judges move the professor ?	no
Since the artist hid the manager danced .	Did the artist hide the manager ?	no
Although the actors hid the students slept .	Did the actors hide the students ?	no
Since the bankers moved the author shouted .	Did the bankers move the author ?	no
After the managers fought the senator mentioned the artist .	Did the managers fight the senator ?	no
Although the lawyers paid the judge believed the managers .	Did the lawyers pay the judge ?	no
While the manager presented the actor called the judge .	Did the manager present the actor ?	no
Although the athletes hid the scientists shouted .	Did the athletes hide the scientists ?	no
While the banker moved the president called the senators .	Did the banker move the president ?	no
Since the artists hid the scientist performed .	Did the artists hide the scientist ?	no
After the bankers fought the manager arrived .	Did the bankers fight the manager ?	no
After the student hid the judge recognized the scientists .	Did the student hide the judge ?	no
Although the secretary moved the scientists encouraged the tourists .	Did the secretary move the scientists ?	no
When the tourist moved the artist introduced the athletes .	Did the tourist move the artist ?	no
Because the artist paid the senator thanked the author .	Did the artist pay the senator ?	no
Although the manager paid the authors mentioned the judge .	Did the manager pay the authors ?	no
While the banker hid the doctor resigned .	Did the banker hide the doctor ?	no
Since the scientists studied the student mentioned the manager .	Did the scientists study the student ?	no
Before the judges stopped the artist shouted .	Did the judges stop the artist ?	no
When the judge presented the secretary called the artists .	Did the judge present the secretary ?	no
Because the lawyer moved the artist arrived .	Did the lawyer move the artist ?	no
While the manager moved the lawyer shouted .	Did the manager move the lawyer ?	no
Since the secretaries hid the tourists supported the actor .	Did the secretaries hide the tourists ?	no
Before the president hid the professor shouted .	Did the president hide the professor ?	no
Since the students hid the presidents called the artists .	Did the students hide the presidents ?	no
After the tourist presented the artists saw the lawyers .	Did the tourist present the artists ?	no
Because the lawyers stopped the bankers admired the tourist .	Did the lawyers stop the bankers ?	no
Since the scientist presented the managers believed the president .	Did the scientist present the managers ?	no
Although the scientists studied the presidents recommended the athletes .	Did the scientists study the presidents ?	no
After the managers stopped the lawyers performed .	Did the managers stop the lawyers ?	no
Since the athletes moved the judges helped the manager .	Did the athletes move the judges ?	no
Before the scientists hid the managers slept .	Did the scientists hide the managers ?	no
When the presidents studied the banker contacted the lawyer .	Did the presidents study the banker ?	no
Although the doctor paid the senator performed .	Did the doctor pay the senator ?	no
Before the professors stopped the students introduced the doctors .	Did the professors stop the students ?	no
While the judges stopped the professors ran .	Did the judges stop the professors ?	no
Before the students hid the presidents waited .	Did the students hide the presidents ?	no
Before the senators stopped the professors shouted .	Did the senators stop the professors ?	no
Although the banker studied the lawyers danced .	Did the banker study the lawyers ?	no
After the senator hid the secretaries performed .	Did the senator hide the secretaries ?	no
Since the artist presented the athletes admired the president .	Did the artist present the athletes ?	no
Although the bankers studied the doctors resigned .	Did the bankers study the doctors ?	no
Before the secretary stopped the presidents danced .	Did the secretary stop the presidents ?	no
Before the tourists stopped the professor arrived .	Did the tourists stop the professor ?	no
When the professors studied the senators contacted the tourists .	Did the professors study the senators ?	no
While the students paid the doctor ran .	Did the students pay the doctor ?	no
Because the secretaries presented the professor slept .	Did the secretaries present the professor ?	no
Although the actor presented the judges supported the bankers .	Did the actor present the judges ?	no
Although the bankers presented the artist ran .	Did the bankers present the artist ?	no
After the professor paid the actors admired the judges .	Did the professor pay the actors ?	no
When the judge presented the senator resigned .	Did the judge present the senator ?	no
Since the doctor studied the tourists thanked the secretary .	Did the doctor study the tourists ?	no
While the athletes presented the student supported the president .	Did the athletes present the student ?	no
After the secretary presented the banker avoided the manager .	Did the secretary present the banker ?	no
While the student moved the athletes recognized the banker .	Did the student move the athletes ?	no
Because the bankers hid the senator recognized the tourist .	Did the bankers hide the senator ?	no
Because the lawyer studied the actors waited .	Did the lawyer study the actors ?	no
Before the student studied the tourists waited .	Did the student study the tourists ?	no
Although the president hid the scientists mentioned the professors .	Did the president hide the scientists ?	no
While the artists fought the presidents believed the scientists .	Did the artists fight the presidents ?	no
Since the managers hid the artist ran .	Did the managers hide the artist ?	no
Before the professors stopped the senator advised the author .	Did the professors stop the senator ?	no
Since the president hid the bankers advised the authors .	Did the president hide the bankers ?	no
When the doctors presented the manager recommended the professors .	Did the doctors present the manager ?	no
Before the professors moved the students performed .	Did the professors move the students ?	no
While the professors hid the judges introduced the tourist .	Did the professors hide the judges ?	no
Before the athletes stopped the actor danced .	Did the athletes stop the actor ?	no
Although the bankers fought the author resigned .	Did the bankers fight the author ?	no
Because the professor studied the tourist encouraged the judge .	Did the professor study the tourist ?	no
Since the doctors studied the athletes contacted the professors .	Did the doctors study the athletes ?	no
Before the professors studied the student shouted .	Did the professors study the student ?	no
While the athlete moved the presidents slept .	Did the athlete move the presidents ?	no
Because the lawyers fought the scientists mentioned the senator .	Did the lawyers fight the scientists ?	no
When the president studied the manager supported the actors .	Did the president study the manager ?	no
After the actor studied the artists called the president .	Did the actor study the artists ?	no
Because the athlete studied the professors encouraged the lawyer .	Did the athlete study the professors ?	no
While the lawyers fought the actors introduced the secretary .	Did the lawyers fight the actors ?	no
Because the author studied the manager recommended the student .	Did the author study the manager ?	no
Because the student hid the judges arrived .	Did the student hide the judges ?	no
When the athletes fought the lawyers introduced the students .	Did the athletes fight the lawyers ?	no
Since the senators fought the actor avoided the presidents .	Did the senators fight the actor ?	no
After the actor studied the judge mentioned the professor .	Did the actor study the judge ?	no
Although the actors fought the artists avoided the presidents .	Did the actors fight the artists ?	no
Although the professors fought the scientist ran .	Did the professors fight the scientist ?	no
Although the professors fought the lawyers contacted the manager .	Did the professors fight the lawyers ?	no
Since the artists fought the athletes called the tourists .	Did the artists fight the athletes ?	no
When the students paid the senators contacted the actors .	Did the students pay the senators ?	no
When the banker hid the actor encouraged the senator .	Did the banker hide the actor ?	no
Because the judges fought the managers encouraged the artists .	Did the judges fight the managers ?	no
Before the actors hid the tourists waited .	Did the actors hide the tourists ?	no
While the scientists moved the secretaries admired the actor .	Did the scientists move the secretaries ?	no
Because the lawyers moved the secretary resigned .	Did the lawyers move the secretary ?	no
Before the authors fought the student shouted .	Did the authors fight the student ?	no
Before the author hid the presidents saw the managers .	Did the author hide the presidents ?	no
Before the actors hid the secretaries helped the student .	Did the actors hide the secretaries ?	no
Since the authors moved the president stopped the artist .	Did the authors move the president ?	no
When the manager stopped the artists believed the actor .	Did the manager stop the artists ?	no
Because the professors presented the student waited .	Did the professors present the student ?	no
While the professors hid the judge admired the actor .	Did the professors hide the judge ?	no
Although the tourists presented the senator avoided the doctor .	Did the tourists present the senator ?	no
Because the author presented the judge thanked the professor .	Did the author present the judge ?	no
After the student presented the judges helped the senator .	Did the student present the judges ?	no
Since the manager studied the athletes supported the president .	Did the manager study the athletes ?	no
When the scientists fought the artists called the doctors .	Did the scientists fight the artists ?	no
When the student hid the artists mentioned the tourists .	Did the student hide the artists ?	no
Although the artist presented the bankers mentioned the athlete .	Did the artist present the bankers ?	no
Before the artists fought the authors avoided the actor .	Did the artists fight the authors ?	no
Because the senators presented the student recommended the authors .	Did the senators present the student ?	no
Before the secretaries moved the judges stopped the authors .	Did the secretaries move the judges ?	no
Since the student moved the professors slept .	Did the student move the professors ?	no
Before the artist stopped the students shouted .	Did the artist stop the students ?	no
While the artists fought the managers supported the tourist .	Did the artists fight the managers ?	no
While the athlete paid the presidents contacted the professors .	Did the athlete pay the presidents ?	no
While the artists fought the actors slept .	Did the artists fight the actors ?	no
While the bankers studied the scientists mentioned the actor .	Did the bankers study the scientists ?	no
After the doctors presented the lawyers encouraged the student .	Did the doctors present the lawyers ?	no
Although the athlete presented the author waited .	Did the athlete present the author ?	no
While the athletes paid the senators encouraged the tourists .	Did the athletes pay the senators ?	no
After the artists presented the judge arrived .	Did the artists present the judge ?	no
Although the tourist hid the judge contacted the secretary .	Did the tourist hide the judge ?	no
Since the bankers paid the athlete supported the artists .	Did the bankers pay the athlete ?	no
Before the professor stopped the authors slept .	Did the professor stop the authors ?	no
Before the authors moved the artists danced .	Did the authors move the artists ?	no
Since the scientists fought the secretary slept .	Did the scientists fight the secretary ?	no
While the senator presented the student shouted .	Did the senator present the student ?	no
After the scientists presented the banker saw the tourists .	Did the scientists present the banker ?	no
Although the scientist studied the judge recommended the artists .	Did the scientist study the judge ?	no
While the student studied the tourists thanked the scientists .	Did the student study the tourists ?	no
Because the senators studied the professor recommended the lawyers .	Did the senators study the professor ?	no
Since the professors presented the athletes performed .	Did the professors present the athletes ?	no
Because the judges paid the authors recognized the president .	Did the judges pay the authors ?	no
After the athletes hid the judge resigned .	Did the athletes hide the judge ?	no
Although the senator stopped the professors introduced the bankers .	Did the senator stop the professors ?	no
Before the scientist moved the artist thanked the doctor .	Did the scientist move the artist ?	no
After the lawyers fought the actor helped the tourists .	Did the lawyers fight the actor ?	no
Although the secretary studied the senator thanked the presidents .	Did the secretary study the senator ?	no
While the banker moved the student danced .	Did the banker move the student ?	no
Because the lawyer stopped the scientist danced .	Did the lawyer stop the scientist ?	no
When the professor studied the actor arrived .	Did the professor study the actor ?	no
Since the lawyers paid the tourist admired the athlete .	Did the lawyers pay the tourist ?	no
When the secretary paid the actor recommended the managers .	Did the secretary pay the actor ?	no
Since the bankers fought the doctors stopped the lawyer .	Did the bankers fight the doctors ?	no
Since the scientist paid the doctors encouraged the bankers .	Did the scientist pay the doctors ?	no
Because the senators studied the professors advised the scientist .	Did the senators study the professors ?	no
Because the secretaries hid the student avoided the doctor .	Did the secretaries hide the student ?	no
When the author moved the students stopped the senators .	Did the author move the students ?	no
After the doctors stopped the bankers introduced the secretaries .	Did the doctors stop the bankers ?	no
Before the judge presented the presidents shouted .	Did the judge present the presidents ?	no
Before the artist studied the lawyers performed .	Did the artist study the lawyers ?	no
When the bankers fought the manager encouraged the scientist .	Did the bankers fight the manager ?	no
After the artists paid the student stopped the secretaries .	Did the artists pay the student ?	no
After the athletes presented the professor mentioned the doctors .	Did the athletes present the professor ?	no
After the scientist moved the tourists supported the actors .	Did the scientist move the tourists ?	no
Although the judge hid the lawyers believed the banker .	Did the judge hide the lawyers ?	no
After the artist moved the manager danced .	Did the artist move the manager ?	no
While the judge moved the secretary shouted .	Did the judge move the secretary ?	no
After the actors moved the bankers stopped the president .	Did the actors move the bankers ?	no
Since the actor stopped the senators called the artists .	Did the actor stop the senators ?	no
After the bankers stopped the secretary recognized the professors .	Did the bankers stop the secretary ?	no
When the judges studied the students introduced the president .	Did the judges study the students ?	no
While the doctors paid the judge avoided the manager .	Did the doctors pay the judge ?	no
After the tourists presented the secretary mentioned the bankers .	Did the tourists present the secretary ?	no
After the scientists stopped the artists slept .	Did the scientists stop the artists ?	no
Although the doctors fought the scientists saw the manager .	Did the doctors fight the scientists ?	no
Because the students hid the managers thanked the professors .	Did the students hide the managers ?	no
Before the professors hid the artist mentioned the president .	Did the professors hide the artist ?	no
Since the tourist hid the bankers encouraged the author .	Did the tourist hide the bankers ?	no
Before the managers hid the lawyers slept .	Did the managers hide the lawyers ?	no
While the president studied the bankers ran .	Did the president study the bankers ?	no
Since the athletes presented the doctor called the professor .	Did the athletes present the doctor ?	no
Since the authors presented the secretaries resigned .	Did the authors present the secretaries ?	no
When the artists fought the tourists called the author .	Did the artists fight the tourists ?	no
While the scientist paid the secretaries recommended the athletes .	Did the scientist pay the secretaries ?	no
Because the tourist moved the artists advised the students .	Did the tourist move the artists ?	no
While the authors fought the secretary contacted the professor .	Did the authors fight the secretary ?	no
Since the actors paid the manager ran .	Did the actors pay the manager ?	no
Because the author hid the scientist shouted .	Did the author hide the scientist ?	no
Before the lawyer studied the professors waited .	Did the lawyer study the professors ?	no
Because the authors fought the presidents arrived .	Did the authors fight the presidents ?	no
Before the athlete presented the tourists thanked the authors .	Did the athlete present the tourists ?	no
While the secretaries moved the senators thanked the tourist .	Did the secretaries move the senators ?	no
Since the senators stopped the artist supported the scientist .	Did the senators stop the artist ?	no
While the scientists studied the manager arrived .	Did the scientists study the manager ?	no
Because the doctors fought the students saw the secretary .	Did the doctors fight the students ?	no
After the judges fought the artist believed the manager .	Did the judges fight the artist ?	no
When the banker paid the tourist slept .	Did the banker pay the tourist ?	no
Because the bankers studied the presidents helped the professor .	Did the bankers study the presidents ?	no
Because the doctor stopped the senator shouted .	Did the doctor stop the senator ?	no
While the banker presented the student introduced the president .	Did the banker present the student ?	no
Because the athletes paid the artists called the secretaries .	Did the athletes pay the artists ?	no
Before the professors fought the bankers mentioned the student .	Did the professors fight the bankers ?	no
Before the author moved the tourists advised the secretary .	Did the author move the tourists ?	no
When the professors hid the tourists supported the artists .	Did the professors hide the tourists ?	no
After the senator presented the bankers recommended the lawyers .	Did the senator present the bankers ?	no
After the doctors paid the senators slept .	Did the doctors pay the senators ?	no
Since the president stopped the tourists shouted .	Did the president stop the tourists ?	no
Since the bankers studied the senator admired the athlete .	Did the bankers study the senator ?	no
Before the presidents stopped the professors avoided the authors .	Did the presidents stop the professors ?	no
When the actor stopped the tourists slept .	Did the actor stop the tourists ?	no
When the author hid the secretary recognized the actors .	Did the author hide the secretary ?	no
Because the banker studied the senators arrived .	Did the banker study the senators ?	no
When the actor hid the tourists waited .	Did the actor hide the tourists ?	no
Because the athletes stopped the senator performed .	Did the athletes stop the senator ?	no
Since the athlete moved the scientist encouraged the artist .	Did the athlete move the scientist ?	no
While the tourists studied the athlete shouted .	Did the tourists study the athlete ?	no
Since the authors stopped the professors introduced the scientists .	Did the authors stop the professors ?	no
Before the scientists stopped the judges mentioned the tourists .	Did the scientists stop the judges ?	no
When the judges studied the scientist recommended the author .	Did the judges study the scientist ?	no
When the managers fought the athlete contacted the tourist .	Did the managers fight the athlete ?	no
Before the secretaries moved the doctor stopped the bankers .	Did the secretaries move the doctor ?	no
Because the lawyer presented the student believed the professor .	Did the lawyer present the student ?	no
Because the students studied the banker saw the doctor .	Did the students study the banker ?	no
Although the judge moved the tourist recommended the athlete .	Did the judge move the tourist ?	no
When the author moved the lawyer thanked the professor .	Did the author move the lawyer ?	no
Although the senator moved the artist danced .	Did the senator move the artist ?	no
Before the presidents hid the professor advised the students .	Did the presidents hide the professor ?	no
While the doctors paid the manager ran .	Did the doctors pay the manager ?	no
Although the doctors fought the president thanked the professors .	Did the doctors fight the president ?	no
Although the artists fought the manager resigned .	Did the artists fight the manager ?	no
While the secretaries fought the judges helped the student .	Did the secretaries fight the judges ?	no
Since the judges studied the artist thanked the athlete .	Did the judges study the artist ?	no
Because the professors stopped the athletes recognized the authors .	Did the professors stop the athletes ?	no
Because the tourists fought the actors ran .	Did the tourists fight the actors ?	no
Although the judges fought the secretaries recommended the doctors .	Did the judges fight the secretaries ?	no
Because the artists fought the actor recognized the author .	Did the artists fight the actor ?	no
After the senator paid the banker called the doctors .	Did the senator pay the banker ?	no
Since the athlete studied the secretaries performed .	Did the athlete study the secretaries ?	no
After the tourists stopped the banker performed .	Did the tourists stop the banker ?	no
Since the artists paid the banker encouraged the tourists .	Did the artists pay the banker ?	no
After the senators fought the bankers ran .	Did the senators fight the bankers ?	no
Before the tourists studied the authors resigned .	Did the tourists study the authors ?	no
Since the judge presented the secretaries ran .	Did the judge present the secretaries ?	no
While the lawyers fought the athletes mentioned the judge .	Did the lawyers fight the athletes ?	no
When the managers stopped the banker helped the artist .	Did the managers stop the banker ?	no
After the professor paid the actor recommended the tourist .	Did the professor pay the actor ?	no
Because the senators moved the scientists arrived .	Did the senators move the scientists ?	no
Although the professors paid the tourists supported the artist .	Did the professors pay the tourists ?	no
When the athletes fought the professor saw the secretary .	Did the athletes fight the professor ?	no
Because the secretaries studied the doctor supported the tourists .	Did the secretaries study the doctor ?	no
Since the scientist stopped the tourist waited .	Did the scientist stop the tourist ?	no
When the judge hid the presidents ran .	Did the judge hide the presidents ?	no
Because the professors hid the lawyer stopped the tourist .	Did the professors hide the lawyer ?	no
When the artist paid the doctors advised the president .	Did the artist pay the doctors ?	no
While the secretaries presented the professor waited .	Did the secretaries present the professor ?	no
Before the scientists hid the artist waited .	Did the scientists hide the artist ?	no
Because the athletes paid the professor introduced the tourist .	Did the athletes pay the professor ?	no
When the tourist hid the president supported the athlete .	Did the tourist hide the president ?	no
Although the artist paid the lawyer shouted .	Did the artist pay the lawyer ?	no
Although the managers paid the tourist slept .	Did the managers pay the tourist ?	no
While the doctor presented the banker waited .	Did the doctor present the banker ?	no
Before the doctor studied the authors ran .	Did the doctor study the authors ?	no
Since the manager presented the authors ran .	Did the manager present the authors ?	no
Before the student stopped the lawyers thanked the tourists .	Did the student stop the lawyers ?	no
Because the doctor presented the artist admired the judge .	Did the doctor present the artist ?	no
Before the authors studied the banker recommended the secretary .	Did the authors study the banker ?	no
Since the bankers moved the athlete performed .	Did the bankers move the athlete ?	no
After the lawyer presented the author called the tourist .	Did the lawyer present the author ?	no
Because the senator paid the judge recommended the professors .	Did the senator pay the judge ?	no
Since the senator paid the author waited .	Did the senator pay the author ?	no
After the president presented the doctor encouraged the lawyer .	Did the president present the doctor ?	no
Because the doctor moved the tourist shouted .	Did the doctor move the tourist ?	no
Since the authors hid the doctor saw the student .	Did the authors hide the doctor ?	no
Before the bankers paid the professors stopped the senators .	Did the bankers pay the professors ?	no
After the president studied the students arrived .	Did the president study the students ?	no
After the lawyers presented the author shouted .	Did the lawyers present the author ?	no
After the banker hid the tourists performed .	Did the banker hide the tourists ?	no
While the artist moved the senators shouted .	Did the artist move the senators ?	no
When the lawyer moved the manager arrived .	Did the lawyer move the manager ?	no
Although the student presented the senator waited .	Did the student present the senator ?	no
Although the manager moved the authors contacted the judges .	Did the manager move the authors ?	no
Because the judge paid the student contacted the banker .	Did the judge pay the student ?	no
After the bankers stopped the authors introduced the doctors .	Did the bankers stop the authors ?	no
Because the tourist paid the judges stopped the scientists .	Did the tourist pay the judges ?	no
After the lawyer stopped the students shouted .	Did the lawyer stop the students ?	no
Because the actor stopped the athlete thanked the presidents .	Did the actor stop the athlete ?	no
After the secretary hid the students thanked the lawyers .	Did the secretary hide the students ?	no
While the scientist paid the athlete slept .	Did the scientist pay the athlete ?	no
Because the lawyers fought the students shouted .	Did the lawyers fight the students ?	no
When the artist stopped the professor encouraged the lawyers .	Did the artist stop the professor ?	no
When the actors studied the lawyers recommended the scientists .	Did the actors study the lawyers ?	no
After the actor moved the president recognized the manager .	Did the actor move the president ?	no
After the students studied the professor avoided the authors .	Did the students study the professor ?	no
Because the lawyers studied the professor slept .	Did the lawyers study the professor ?	no
When the scientists presented the senator performed .	Did the scientists present the senator ?	no
While the president stopped the scientists recommended the secretary .	Did the president stop the scientists ?	no
While the lawyer paid the bankers introduced the presidents .	Did the lawyer pay the bankers ?	no
When the tourist studied the professors arrived .	Did the tourist study the professors ?	no
Because the doctor studied the actor helped the tourist .	Did the doctor study the actor ?	no
Because the professor paid the judge advised the lawyer .	Did the professor pay the judge ?	no
Because the judges moved the banker shouted .	Did the judges move the banker ?	no
Because the doctors paid the presidents arrived .	Did the doctors pay the presidents ?	no
While the doctor presented the lawyer thanked the senator .	Did the doctor present the lawyer ?	no
Since the banker moved the athletes believed the professor .	Did the banker move the athletes ?	no
Before the lawyers fought the managers encouraged the actor .	Did the lawyers fight the managers ?	no
After the secretaries fought the tourist admired the lawyer .	Did the secretaries fight the tourist ?	no
Before the student presented the professors saw the artists .	Did the student present the professors ?	no
After the secretary presented the lawyer believed the professor .	Did the secretary present the lawyer ?	no
When the senator presented the doctor believed the presidents .	Did the senator present the doctor ?	no
Since the lawyer presented the senator admired the tourists .	Did the lawyer present the senator ?	no
Since the professors paid the banker admired the scientist .	Did the professors pay the banker ?	no
Although the professors studied the athletes danced .	Did the professors study the athletes ?	no
Before the athletes paid the secretaries helped the authors .	Did the athletes pay the secretaries ?	no
After the doctor presented the actors arrived .	Did the doctor present the actors ?	no
Because the scientist paid the president admired the tourist .	Did the scientist pay the president ?	no
Before the managers presented the tourist supported the author .	Did the managers present the tourist ?	no
After the lawyer hid the tourists contacted the professor .	Did the lawyer hide the tourists ?	no
Before the doctors paid the judges helped the banker .	Did the doctors pay the judges ?	no
While the bankers studied the artist slept .	Did the bankers study the artist ?	no
After the judges studied the senators stopped the manager .	Did the judges study the senators ?	no
After the judges fought the scientists avoided the tourists .	Did the judges fight the scientists ?	no
Because the lawyers stopped the tourist recognized the managers .	Did the lawyers stop the tourist ?	no
After the authors moved the professors stopped the presidents .	Did the authors move the professors ?	no
When the doctors fought the students avoided the authors .	Did the doctors fight the students ?	no
Although the doctor hid the students believed the professor .	Did the doctor hide the students ?	no
While the secretary paid the doctor introduced the tourists .	Did the secretary pay the doctor ?	no
While the tourists fought the secretaries avoided the athlete .	Did the tourists fight the secretaries ?	no
After the artist studied the tourist shouted .	Did the artist study the tourist ?	no
When the judges paid the student supported the professors .	Did the judges pay the student ?	no
After the professor paid the students danced .	Did the professor pay the students ?	no
Since the judge stopped the student recommended the managers .	Did the judge stop the student ?	no
Although the athletes fought the actors arrived .	Did the athletes fight the actors ?	no
Since the student paid the professor admired the author .	Did the student pay the professor ?	no
While the doctor moved the athlete saw the judge .	Did the doctor move the athlete ?	no
Although the artists fought the secretary mentioned the senator .	Did the artists fight the secretary ?	no
While the senators hid the professors resigned .	Did the senators hide the professors ?	no
Although the presidents presented the student believed the doctors .	Did the presidents present the student ?	no
Because the tourist moved the actors called the senators .	Did the tourist move the actors ?	no
While the artists hid the senator saw the scientists .	Did the artists hide the senator ?	no
Before the actor studied the artists advised the senator .	Did the actor study the artists ?	no
Before the doctor paid the author arrived .	Did the doctor pay the author ?	no
Because the doctors fought the athletes arrived .	Did the doctors fight the athletes ?	no
Since the artists fought the athletes performed .	Did the artists fight the athletes ?	no
While the students stopped the actors slept .	Did the students stop the actors ?	no
Because the banker presented the judges stopped the doctors .	Did the banker present the judges ?	no
When the student moved the scientists avoided the tourists .	Did the student move the scientists ?	no
Before the tourist moved the professor advised the senators .	Did the tourist move the professor ?	no
Although the president stopped the author avoided the scientists .	Did the president stop the author ?	no
When the tourists fought the professor shouted .	Did the tourists fight the professor ?	no
After the students presented the professor danced .	Did the students present the professor ?	no
Since the authors stopped the lawyers helped the managers .	Did the authors stop the lawyers ?	no
Although the students paid the secretary arrived .	Did the students pay the secretary ?	no
Since the senator stopped the artists danced .	Did the senator stop the artists ?	no
When the artists presented the manager ran .	Did the artists present the manager ?	no
Since the president presented the student mentioned the secretary .	Did the president present the student ?	no
After the presidents stopped the student helped the author .	Did the presidents stop the student ?	no
When the secretaries moved the students supported the scientist .	Did the secretaries move the students ?	no
Before the scientist hid the athletes performed .	Did the scientist hide the athletes ?	no
Since the student presented the actor admired the professors .	Did the student present the actor ?	no
Because the senator presented the tourists contacted the authors .	Did the senator present the tourists ?	no
Although the presidents stopped the manager waited .	Did the presidents stop the manager ?	no
Although the secretary studied the president danced .	Did the secretary study the president ?	no
When the secretaries presented the senators slept .	Did the secretaries present the senators ?	no
While the actors hid the president shouted .	Did the actors hide the president ?	no
After the doctor moved the manager contacted the tourists .	Did the doctor move the manager ?	no
When the president hid the athletes avoided the authors .	Did the president hide the athletes ?	no
Since the managers paid the athlete believed the scientist .	Did the managers pay the athlete ?	no
While the presidents moved the professor ran .	Did the presidents move the professor ?	no
After the senator studied the scientists avoided the students .	Did the senator study the scientists ?	no
Although the author presented the scientists saw the athletes .	Did the author present the scientists ?	no
While the senators fought the president resigned .	Did the senators fight the president ?	no
While the senators presented the secretaries mentioned the scientists .	Did the senators present the secretaries ?	no
Before the banker studied the athlete believed the author .	Did the banker study the athlete ?	no
While the doctors moved the president admired the bankers .	Did the doctors move the president ?	no
While the authors stopped the banker supported the scientists .	Did the authors stop the banker ?	no
While the lawyers fought the athletes resigned .	Did the lawyers fight the athletes ?	no
Since the presidents studied the student introduced the doctor .	Did the presidents study the student ?	no
Because the professors moved the manager waited .	Did the professors move the manager ?	no
Since the doctor studied the president helped the manager .	Did the doctor study the president ?	no
When the doctors stopped the athletes avoided the manager .	Did the doctors stop the athletes ?	no
Before the senators moved the athlete admired the scientist .	Did the senators move the athlete ?	no
While the secretary moved the actor contacted the author .	Did the secretary move the actor ?	no
Although the banker hid the lawyer mentioned the artist .	Did the banker hide the lawyer ?	no
Although the artist moved the judges called the tourist .	Did the artist move the judges ?	no
Before the artists hid the students performed .	Did the artists hide the students ?	no
While the athletes stopped the secretaries avoided the president .	Did the athletes stop the secretaries ?	no
Before the presidents presented the scientists recognized the artists .	Did the presidents present the scientists ?	no
After the actors presented the artists admired the doctor .	Did the actors present the artists ?	no
Before the managers fought the artist believed the student .	Did the managers fight the artist ?	no
After the tourist paid the professors danced .	Did the tourist pay the professors ?	no
Although the judges studied the athlete supported the scientist .	Did the judges study the athlete ?	no
Since the judges fought the athlete recommended the manager .	Did the judges fight the athlete ?	no
After the judges stopped the artists helped the professor .	Did the judges stop the artists ?	no
When the banker hid the athletes helped the senator .	Did the banker hide the athletes ?	no
Since the athlete moved the actors slept .	Did the athlete move the actors ?	no
Before the judge stopped the scientist waited .	Did the judge stop the scientist ?	no
After the tourists paid the lawyer waited .	Did the tourists pay the lawyer ?	no
Before the students fought the senator recognized the doctor .	Did the students fight the senator ?	no
Although the scientists moved the managers advised the president .	Did the scientists move the managers ?	no
After the lawyer hid the scientists helped the doctors .	Did the lawyer hide the scientists ?	no
Because the senator studied the managers resigned .	Did the senator study the managers ?	no
Although the lawyer moved the tourist encouraged the professor .	Did the lawyer move the tourist ?	no
Although the secretaries fought the scientist avoided the lawyers .	Did the secretaries fight the scientist ?	no
After the tourists fought the bankers helped the artist .	Did the tourists fight the bankers ?	no
When the secretaries studied the doctor recommended the actor .	Did the secretaries study the doctor ?	no
Since the judge paid the lawyers believed the actors .	Did the judge pay the lawyers ?	no
Although the senators studied the artist slept .	Did the senators study the artist ?	no
Before the manager hid the athlete arrived .	Did the manager hide the athlete ?	no
While the athletes fought the managers slept .	Did the athletes fight the managers ?	no
Since the students paid the actors called the lawyers .	Did the students pay the actors ?	no
Since the bankers fought the senator contacted the artist .	Did the bankers fight the senator ?	no
While the senators fought the artist believed the banker .	Did the senators fight the artist ?	no
After the banker hid the tourist performed .	Did the banker hide the tourist ?	no
Since the tourists paid the professors performed .	Did the tourists pay the professors ?	no
After the doctors fought the judges waited .	Did the doctors fight the judges ?	no
While the lawyer paid the doctor arrived .	Did the lawyer pay the doctor ?	no
After the professors presented the secretaries recommended the authors .	Did the professors present the secretaries ?	no
Although the artists hid the student advised the scientists .	Did the artists hide the student ?	no
Before the scientists moved the actor avoided the author .	Did the scientists move the actor ?	no
Before the doctors paid the judges waited .	Did the doctors pay the judges ?	no
Because the secretary paid the professor ran .	Did the secretary pay the professor ?	no
Before the professor hid the secretary introduced the judges .	Did the professor hide the secretary ?	no
Because the tourist presented the secretaries admired the president .	Did the tourist present the secretaries ?	no
Since the scientist hid the bankers avoided the lawyers .	Did the scientist hide the bankers ?	no
Although the senators paid the author mentioned the manager .	Did the senators pay the author ?	no
When the lawyer paid the students performed .	Did the lawyer pay the students ?	no
Because the presidents stopped the senators recognized the secretary .	Did the presidents stop the senators ?	no
After the secretary paid the bankers performed .	Did the secretary pay the bankers ?	no
Since the professor moved the artists avoided the scientists .	Did the professor move the artists ?	no
While the athletes presented the professors slept .	Did the athletes present the professors ?	no
When the student moved the tourist arrived .	Did the student move the tourist ?	no
After the lawyer presented the secretary recommended the scientists .	Did the lawyer present the secretary ?	no
Although the tourists hid the doctor shouted .	Did the tourists hide the doctor ?	no
After the professors paid the senator advised the artists .	Did the professors pay the senator ?	no
After the actors fought the senators saw the judges .	Did the actors fight the senators ?	no
Before the judges paid the bankers thanked the secretary .	Did the judges pay the bankers ?	no
Because the secretary stopped the judges shouted .	Did the secretary stop the judges ?	no
After the senator hid the student shouted .	Did the senator hide the student ?	no
Before the lawyers fought the artists encouraged the judge .	Did the lawyers fight the artists ?	no
When the secretaries fought the tourist helped the author .	Did the secretaries fight the tourist ?	no
Because the scientist paid the professors saw the actors .	Did the scientist pay the professors ?	no
When the artists paid the athlete recognized the actor .	Did the artists pay the athlete ?	no
When the tourist presented the bankers ran .	Did the tourist present the bankers ?	no
Because the professors fought the lawyer recognized the student .	Did the professors fight the lawyer ?	no
Since the doctors paid the senators believed the actors .	Did the doctors pay the senators ?	no
Although the senators stopped the manager contacted the athlete .	Did the senators stop the manager ?	no
Since the senators fought the students contacted the secretaries .	Did the senators fight the students ?	no
When the students paid the secretaries admired the senators .	Did the students pay the secretaries ?	no
Since the banker studied the managers waited .	Did the banker study the managers ?	no
Since the secretaries moved the artists slept .	Did the secretaries move the artists ?	no
Since the athletes hid the tourist performed .	Did the athletes hide the tourist ?	no
Since the presidents stopped the students recommended the authors .	Did the presidents stop the students ?	no
Since the senators moved the lawyer recognized the secretaries .	Did the senators move the lawyer ?	no
Since the manager paid the author slept .	Did the manager pay the author ?	no
Because the scientists stopped the artist slept .	Did the scientists stop the artist ?	no
Because the students hid the secretary arrived .	Did the students hide the secretary ?	no
Since the senators hid the manager danced .	Did the senators hide the manager ?	no
Although the managers paid the actors slept .	Did the managers pay the actors ?	no
Although the athlete presented the lawyers believed the actor .	Did the athlete present the lawyers ?	no
When the professor studied the manager supported the artist .	Did the professor study the manager ?	no
Before the senators studied the president advised the author .	Did the senators study the president ?	no
When the artist stopped the doctor admired the tourists .	Did the artist stop the doctor ?	no
After the artists presented the president avoided the student .	Did the artists present the president ?	no
Before the president studied the manager admired the actor .	Did the president study the manager ?	no
When the tourist paid the scientists advised the artists .	Did the tourist pay the scientists ?	no
While the artist paid the manager called the judge .	Did the artist pay the manager ?	no
Although the athletes moved the secretaries saw the judges .	Did the athletes move the secretaries ?	no
Before the athlete studied the bankers encouraged the actor .	Did the athlete study the bankers ?	no
Before the doctors fought the tourists advised the secretaries .	Did the doctors fight the tourists ?	no
Because the manager studied the senators thanked the doctors .	Did the manager study the senators ?	no
While the scientist moved the senators contacted the lawyer .	Did the scientist move the senators ?	no
After the actors moved the tourists called the scientist .	Did the actors move the tourists ?	no
Before the athletes hid the student resigned .	Did the athletes hide the student ?	no
While the secretaries paid the senators introduced the professors .	Did the secretaries pay the senators ?	no
Since the professors presented the managers danced .	Did the professors present the managers ?	no
After the lawyer presented the judge performed .	Did the lawyer present the judge ?	no
When the actors paid the athlete recognized the tourists .	Did the actors pay the athlete ?	no
Although the presidents studied the scientists admired the professors .	Did the presidents study the scientists ?	no
Although the actors paid the tourists contacted the manager .	Did the actors pay the tourists ?	no
While the athletes paid the lawyers stopped the senator .	Did the athletes pay the lawyers ?	no
Because the students stopped the scientists introduced the manager .	Did the students stop the scientists ?	no
Although the artists presented the actors slept .	Did the artists present the actors ?	no
Although the president studied the artists avoided the secretary .	Did the president study the artists ?	no
When the professors presented the judge shouted .	Did the professors present the judge ?	no
After the lawyer presented the banker arrived .	Did the lawyer present the banker ?	no
While the athletes presented the authors thanked the secretary .	Did the athletes present the authors ?	no
Since the actors paid the student helped the authors .	Did the actors pay the student ?	no
While the managers fought the judge helped the scientists .	Did the managers fight the judge ?	no
Because the athletes stopped the secretary ran .	Did the athletes stop the secretary ?	no
Since the secretaries hid the scientist arrived .	Did the secretaries hide the scientist ?	no
When the actors paid the author encouraged the artist .	Did the actors pay the author ?	no
When the bankers moved the tourist saw the artist .	Did the bankers move the tourist ?	no
While the bankers fought the actor saw the judge .	Did the bankers fight the actor ?	no
Because the senator studied the secretary arrived .	Did the senator study the secretary ?	no
Before the actor studied the author saw the lawyer .	Did the actor study the author ?	no
While the professors hid the scientist resigned .	Did the professors hide the scientist ?	no
After the doctors stopped the manager thanked the authors .	Did the doctors stop the manager ?	no
Since the judge studied the lawyers introduced the tourists .	Did the judge study the lawyers ?	no
After the secretaries fought the student thanked the senators .	Did the secretaries fight the student ?	no
Because the professors hid the actor helped the lawyer .	Did the professors hide the actor ?	no
While the lawyers studied the manager advised the senators .	Did the lawyers study the manager ?	no
Although the professors paid the scientists slept .	Did the professors pay the scientists ?	no
When the presidents fought the scientist recommended the manager .	Did the presidents fight the scientist ?	no
While the manager studied the student recognized the scientist .	Did the manager study the student ?	no
After the senators stopped the authors avoided the doctors .	Did the senators stop the authors ?	no
Since the lawyers stopped the students helped the tourists .	Did the lawyers stop the students ?	no
Before the professors fought the secretaries ran .	Did the professors fight the secretaries ?	no
Before the secretaries fought the authors contacted the athletes .	Did the secretaries fight the authors ?	no
Since the students hid the judge stopped the lawyer .	Did the students hide the judge ?	no
Although the athletes presented the judge avoided the bankers .	Did the athletes present the judge ?	no
Before the tourists presented the secretary helped the student .	Did the tourists present the secretary ?	no
When the actor paid the bankers arrived .	Did the actor pay the bankers ?	no
Because the judges studied the manager arrived .	Did the judges study the manager ?	no
While the professors studied the actor believed the tourist .	Did the professors study the actor ?	no
After the professor stopped the judges waited .	Did the professor stop the judges ?	no
Before the artist paid the tourists arrived .	Did the artist pay the tourists ?	no
Although the artists stopped the scientist shouted .	Did the artists stop the scientist ?	no
Before the scientists paid the actors ran .	Did the scientists pay the actors ?	no
When the scientists fought the professors encouraged the secretary .	Did the scientists fight the professors ?	no
Because the artists paid the lawyer danced .	Did the artists pay the lawyer ?	no
Since the doctor studied the senators introduced the actor .	Did the doctor study the senators ?	no
Before the bankers moved the scientist recommended the secretaries .	Did the bankers move the scientist ?	no
Since the doctor hid the professor performed .	Did the doctor hide the professor ?	no
When the tourist hid the secretary encouraged the doctors .	Did the tourist hide the secretary ?	no
Since the manager paid the banker slept .	Did the manager pay the banker ?	no
Before the doctors presented the professor shouted .	Did the doctors present the professor ?	no
After the doctors studied the president slept .	Did the doctors study the president ?	no
Although the scientist studied the manager admired the professor .	Did the scientist study the manager ?	no
Since the athletes hid the lawyers recognized the doctors .	Did the athletes hide the lawyers ?	no
After the banker hid the judge called the presidents .	Did the banker hide the judge ?	no
Because the managers studied the secretaries slept .	Did the managers study the secretaries ?	no
Although the professor hid the secretaries danced .	Did the professor hide the secretaries ?	no
When the student paid the artist contacted the scientist .	Did the student pay the artist ?	no
Although the tourists fought the lawyer stopped the actors .	Did the tourists fight the lawyer ?	no
While the artist hid the president stopped the scientist .	Did the artist hide the president ?	no
When the bankers studied the judges shouted .	Did the bankers study the judges ?	no
While the doctors presented the professors danced .	Did the doctors present the professors ?	no
Before the athlete studied the authors advised the actors .	Did the athlete study the authors ?	no
Since the athletes fought the secretary supported the actor .	Did the athletes fight the secretary ?	no
Although the manager paid the lawyer contacted the student .	Did the manager pay the lawyer ?	no
After the doctor presented the tourists recommended the judge .	Did the doctor present the tourists ?	no
When the authors studied the president danced .	Did the authors study the president ?	no
While the artists fought the presidents shouted .	Did the artists fight the presidents ?	no
Although the lawyer moved the banker saw the presidents .	Did the lawyer move the banker ?	no
Since the managers fought the artist waited .	Did the managers fight the artist ?	no
When the secretary presented the president supported the judge .	Did the secretary present the president ?	no
While the actors moved the judge shouted .	Did the actors move the judge ?	no
When the tourist studied the judge advised the president .	Did the tourist study the judge ?	no
After the secretaries fought the artists believed the actor .	Did the secretaries fight the artists ?	no
After the bankers fought the professors thanked the senators .	Did the bankers fight the professors ?	no
Because the scientists moved the tourists stopped the actor .	Did the scientists move the tourists ?	no
While the secretaries hid the tourist believed the students .	Did the secretaries hide the tourist ?	no
Since the judges fought the scientists resigned .	Did the judges fight the scientists ?	no
While the managers hid the banker advised the lawyers .	Did the managers hide the banker ?	no
Because the student hid the scientists thanked the actor .	Did the student hide the scientists ?	no
Before the students fought the professors avoided the lawyer .	Did the students fight the professors ?	no
After the student paid the secretaries stopped the manager .	Did the student pay the secretaries ?	no
Because the judges hid the athletes arrived .	Did the judges hide the athletes ?	no
When the students hid the secretaries slept .	Did the students hide the secretaries ?	no
Since the senators studied the lawyer slept .	Did the senators study the lawyer ?	no
Although the professors fought the judges performed .	Did the professors fight the judges ?	no
When the senator hid the judges helped the professor .	Did the senator hide the judges ?	no
After the scientist moved the secretary avoided the senators .	Did the scientist move the secretary ?	no
Although the scientist moved the banker contacted the doctor .	Did the scientist move the banker ?	no
While the artist hid the secretaries believed the judges .	Did the artist hide the secretaries ?	no
After the doctor stopped the lawyers ran .	Did the doctor stop the lawyers ?	no
When the doctor stopped the authors advised the professor .	Did the doctor stop the authors ?	no
Although the lawyers paid the president shouted .	Did the lawyers pay the president ?	no
Before the professor studied the doctors arrived .	Did the professor study the doctors ?	no
Although the presidents fought the judges danced .	Did the presidents fight the judges ?	no
Although the managers fought the professors shouted .	Did the managers fight the professors ?	no
Before the professor hid the athletes thanked the authors .	Did the professor hide the athletes ?	no
After the athletes stopped the students ran .	Did the athletes stop the students ?	no
When the judge moved the lawyer waited .	Did the judge move the lawyer ?	no
Before the secretary moved the doctors called the tourists .	Did the secretary move the doctors ?	no
Since the judge hid the professor encouraged the president .	Did the judge hide the professor ?	no
Before the presidents hid the actor recommended the students .	Did the presidents hide the actor ?	no
When the manager studied the students believed the athlete .	Did the manager study the students ?	no
Although the athlete paid the banker stopped the students .	Did the athlete pay the banker ?	no
Since the scientists hid the tourist called the manager .	Did the scientists hide the tourist ?	no
After the artists studied the senators thanked the president .	Did the artists study the senators ?	no
When the presidents stopped the lawyer helped the doctors .	Did the presidents stop the lawyer ?	no
While the presidents stopped the senator performed .	Did the presidents stop the senator ?	no
While the senators presented the student avoided the professor .	Did the senators present the student ?	no
Although the athletes hid the scientists saw the professor .	Did the athletes hide the scientists ?	no
Although the author moved the senators slept .	Did the author move the senators ?	no
While the secretaries paid the senators introduced the students .	Did the secretaries pay the senators ?	no
After the artists fought the author advised the lawyer .	Did the artists fight the author ?	no
Although the authors fought the lawyers introduced the judge .	Did the authors fight the lawyers ?	no
While the actor presented the authors shouted .	Did the actor present the authors ?	no
Although the author hid the managers recognized the professor .	Did the author hide the managers ?	no
Before the athletes presented the author saw the lawyer .	Did the athletes present the author ?	no
After the authors studied the judge encouraged the actor .	Did the authors study the judge ?	no
After the judges fought the students waited .	Did the judges fight the students ?	no
Before the senators fought the bankers arrived .	Did the senators fight the bankers ?	no
Because the tourist moved the scientist slept .	Did the tourist move the scientist ?	no
Before the managers presented the lawyers resigned .	Did the managers present the lawyers ?	no
Because the presidents stopped the student advised the scientist .	Did the presidents stop the student ?	no
Since the actor moved the secretary slept .	Did the actor move the secretary ?	no
Before the artists fought the president waited .	Did the artists fight the president ?	no
Because the president paid the professor resigned .	Did the president pay the professor ?	no
After the scientist paid the artists slept .	Did the scientist pay the artists ?	no
Before the tourists moved the presidents avoided the author .	Did the tourists move the presidents ?	no
When the author studied the judges supported the artist .	Did the author study the judges ?	no
When the tourists presented the professors thanked the artist .	Did the tourists present the professors ?	no
After the athlete stopped the author resigned .	Did the athlete stop the author ?	no
After the athletes studied the judge helped the doctor .	Did the athletes study the judge ?	no
Since the lawyer stopped the bankers avoided the student .	Did the lawyer stop the bankers ?	no
Since the judges fought the scientists stopped the author .	Did the judges fight the scientists ?	no
While the artist studied the athletes thanked the student .	Did the artist study the athletes ?	no
Before the author stopped the scientists slept .	Did the author stop the scientists ?	no
Since the banker presented the lawyer danced .	Did the banker present the lawyer ?	no
After the students studied the judges believed the doctor .	Did the students study the judges ?	no
Because the judge presented the scientists shouted .	Did the judge present the scientists ?	no
While the senators moved the banker recognized the lawyer .	Did the senators move the banker ?	no
Although the managers fought the bankers contacted the judge .	Did the managers fight the bankers ?	no
Before the athlete paid the author slept .	Did the athlete pay the author ?	no
Because the athletes presented the actor resigned .	Did the athletes present the actor ?	no
After the doctors moved the president helped the professors .	Did the doctors move the president ?	no
After the actor stopped the artists resigned .	Did the actor stop the artists ?	no
When the author studied the student shouted .	Did the author study the student ?	no
Since the artists paid the senators avoided the bankers .	Did the artists pay the senators ?	no
After the senator studied the judge saw the students .	Did the senator study the judge ?	no
While the artists studied the actor supported the doctor .	Did the artists study the actor ?	no
Before the professor presented the authors recommended the doctor .	Did the professor present the authors ?	no
While the presidents studied the secretaries encouraged the senators .	Did the presidents study the secretaries ?	no
While the senators hid the scientist waited .	Did the senators hide the scientist ?	no
Because the athletes stopped the manager performed .	Did the athletes stop the manager ?	no
Since the manager presented the senator thanked the professors .	Did the manager present the senator ?	no
Although the authors moved the presidents arrived .	Did the authors move the presidents ?	no
Although the judge presented the doctor helped the secretaries .	Did the judge present the doctor ?	no
Before the authors hid the students contacted the senators .	Did the authors hide the students ?	no
While the bankers stopped the president called the senators .	Did the bankers stop the president ?	no
Because the banker presented the tourist saw the presidents .	Did the banker present the tourist ?	no
Because the president stopped the authors slept .	Did the president stop the authors ?	no
After the scientists studied the banker called the secretary .	Did the scientists study the banker ?	no
When the tourists stopped the president encouraged the lawyer .	Did the tourists stop the president ?	no
While the scientist moved the tourist waited .	Did the scientist move the tourist ?	no
Because the tourist hid the artist mentioned the athletes .	Did the tourist hide the artist ?	no
Since the scientist studied the students shouted .	Did the scientist study the students ?	no
While the judge presented the lawyer arrived .	Did the judge present the lawyer ?	no
When the tourist moved the scientist danced .	Did the tourist move the scientist ?	no
Because the president paid the judge avoided the lawyer .	Did the president pay the judge ?	no
Although the judges fought the managers arrived .	Did the judges fight the managers ?	no
Since the professors presented the scientist waited .	Did the professors present the scientist ?	no
Although the artist paid the secretaries ran .	Did the artist pay the secretaries ?	no
Since the tourists hid the artist avoided the judges .	Did the tourists hide the artist ?	no
When the scientist stopped the managers admired the banker .	Did the scientist stop the managers ?	no
Since the scientists paid the judge performed .	Did the scientists pay the judge ?	no
While the doctors paid the authors danced .	Did the doctors pay the authors ?	no
Since the doctor stopped the tourists shouted .	Did the doctor stop the tourists ?	no
Because the athletes presented the presidents arrived .	Did the athletes present the presidents ?	no
When the tourist paid the presidents slept .	Did the tourist pay the presidents ?	no
Since the managers fought the doctor slept .	Did the managers fight the doctor ?	no
After the athletes presented the managers resigned .	Did the athletes present the managers ?	no
Although the professor hid the bankers ran .	Did the professor hide the bankers ?	no
Although the president hid the actor thanked the secretaries .	Did the president hide the actor ?	no
Since the athletes fought the managers admired the artist .	Did the athletes fight the managers ?	no
Since the doctor studied the lawyers thanked the authors .	Did the doctor study the lawyers ?	no
Since the professors fought the manager mentioned the scientists .	Did the professors fight the manager ?	no
After the presidents stopped the student shouted .	Did the presidents stop the student ?	no
While the managers stopped the judge saw the author .	Did the managers stop the judge ?	no
While the judges fought the author supported the lawyer .	Did the judges fight the author ?	no
When the artist studied the scientist danced .	Did the artist study the scientist ?	no
Since the judge studied the senator encouraged the artist .	Did the judge study the senator ?	no
Although the artists hid the judges recognized the doctors .	Did the artists hide the judges ?	no
Although the judge hid the doctor avoided the authors .	Did the judge hide the doctor ?	no
Before the lawyers fought the bankers stopped the judges .	Did the lawyers fight the bankers ?	no
When the president paid the secretaries avoided the professors .	Did the president pay the secretaries ?	no
Because the lawyers presented the artist contacted the senators .	Did the lawyers present the artist ?	no
Although the banker moved the judge danced .	Did the banker move the judge ?	no
While the judge stopped the banker ran .	Did the judge stop the banker ?	no
Because the senator stopped the presidents believed the scientists .	Did the senator stop the presidents ?	no
When the scientist presented the senators saw the doctors .	Did the scientist present the senators ?	no
Before the senators fought the athlete avoided the actor .	Did the senators fight the athlete ?	no
While the doctors hid the manager mentioned the senators .	Did the doctors hide the manager ?	no
Since the secretary studied the professor resigned .	Did the secretary study the professor ?	no
While the banker presented the artists advised the lawyer .	Did the banker present the artists ?	no
Before the senators studied the actor admired the doctor .	Did the senators study the actor ?	no
Before the artists paid the president waited .	Did the artists pay the president ?	no
Before the actor presented the managers advised the secretary .	Did the actor present the managers ?	no
While the scientist stopped the managers performed .	Did the scientist stop the managers ?	no
Although the actors paid the athlete shouted .	Did the actors pay the athlete ?	no
After the senators fought the authors avoided the judge .	Did the senators fight the authors ?	no
After the senator presented the professors shouted .	Did the senator present the professors ?	no
Although the artists stopped the secretaries supported the student .	Did the artists stop the secretaries ?	no
Although the author hid the lawyers contacted the secretary .	Did the author hide the lawyers ?	no
After the author presented the scientist recognized the president .	Did the author present the scientist ?	no
Because the banker stopped the senator contacted the president .	Did the banker stop the senator ?	no
Although the tourist paid the professors danced .	Did the tourist pay the professors ?	no
Because the managers hid the artist contacted the tourist .	Did the managers hide the artist ?	no
After the secretary stopped the scientists waited .	Did the secretary stop the scientists ?	no
Before the manager stopped the tourist mentioned the actors .	Did the manager stop the tourist ?	no
Since the secretaries moved the judge helped the managers .	Did the secretaries move the judge ?	no
Although the authors moved the artists thanked the secretary .	Did the authors move the artists ?	no
When the manager moved the author saw the artists .	Did the manager move the author ?	no
Before the scientists studied the lawyers slept .	Did the scientists study the lawyers ?	no
Since the scientists stopped the secretaries saw the presidents .	Did the scientists stop the secretaries ?	no
Since the professors fought the actor helped the doctor .	Did the professors fight the actor ?	no
After the senators fought the judges shouted .	Did the senators fight the judges ?	no
When the president hid the senators resigned .	Did the president hide the senators ?	no
Although the judge presented the artists stopped the banker .	Did the judge present the artists ?	no
While the athletes hid the artist avoided the author .	Did the athletes hide the artist ?	no
When the presidents moved the doctors slept .	Did the presidents move the doctors ?	no
After the banker moved the artists mentioned the authors .	Did the banker move the artists ?	no
After the professor presented the athlete encouraged the tourists .	Did the professor present the athlete ?	no
Although the senators hid the scientists performed .	Did the senators hide the scientists ?	no
While the senator studied the lawyer recognized the judge .	Did the senator study the lawyer ?	no
Because the secretaries presented the managers recommended the doctor .	Did the secretaries present the managers ?	no
When the athlete hid the managers thanked the doctor .	Did the athlete hide the managers ?	no
Since the secretaries presented the judge avoided the scientists .	Did the secretaries present the judge ?	no
Because the author stopped the senator performed .	Did the author stop the senator ?	no
While the actor paid the student arrived .	Did the actor pay the student ?	no
Because the artist presented the president waited .	Did the artist present the president ?	no
Although the tourists stopped the author waited .	Did the tourists stop the author ?	no
Before the senators paid the authors recommended the actor .	Did the senators pay the authors ?	no
After the lawyers fought the doctors saw the actor .	Did the lawyers fight the doctors ?	no
While the doctors hid the senators mentioned the tourists .	Did the doctors hide the senators ?	no
When the professors hid the managers thanked the lawyers .	Did the professors hide the managers ?	no
Although the banker presented the secretaries supported the judges .	Did the banker present the secretaries ?	no
Since the senators moved the managers helped the actors .	Did the senators move the managers ?	no
Because the secretaries studied the students helped the bankers .	Did the secretaries study the students ?	no
When the artist stopped the scientists slept .	Did the artist stop the scientists ?	no
Before the doctor presented the judges recognized the tourists .	Did the doctor present the judges ?	no
Although the judges hid the tourist saw the managers .	Did the judges hide the tourist ?	no
When the actors paid the athlete arrived .	Did the actors pay the athlete ?	no
Although the judges stopped the artist ran .	Did the judges stop the artist ?	no
After the doctors fought the artists saw the athletes .	Did the doctors fight the artists ?	no
While the professors hid the bankers resigned .	Did the professors hide the bankers ?	no
After the managers stopped the bankers recommended the artists .	Did the managers stop the bankers ?	no
When the lawyer stopped the actors danced .	Did the lawyer stop the actors ?	no
After the athletes stopped the tourists saw the scientists .	Did the athletes stop the tourists ?	no
Because the artists fought the tourists admired the authors .	Did the artists fight the tourists ?	no
Before the judges paid the student shouted .	Did the judges pay the student ?	no
When the senator presented the athlete admired the doctor .	Did the senator present the athlete ?	no
While the banker paid the presidents believed the athletes .	Did the banker pay the presidents ?	no
When the doctors fought the actor recognized the managers .	Did the doctors fight the actor ?	no
Because the lawyers paid the secretaries called the senators .	Did the lawyers pay the secretaries ?	no
Before the secretaries presented the lawyer admired the doctor .	Did the secretaries present the lawyer ?	no
Since the managers moved the lawyers encouraged the bankers .	Did the managers move the lawyers ?	no
Although the student moved the secretary contacted the tourists .	Did the student move the secretary ?	no
When the students paid the judge admired the authors .	Did the students pay the judge ?	no
After the banker studied the author stopped the judge .	Did the banker study the author ?	no
After the artists fought the judges waited .	Did the artists fight the judges ?	no
Although the athletes paid the artist encouraged the author .	Did the athletes pay the artist ?	no
Because the author presented the presidents ran .	Did the author present the presidents ?	no
While the banker studied the judge performed .	Did the banker study the judge ?	no
Although the artists moved the president encouraged the judges .	Did the artists move the president ?	no
Although the artists fought the authors ran .	Did the artists fight the authors ?	no
After the students moved the actors waited .	Did the students move the actors ?	no
Because the senator studied the lawyers helped the secretaries .	Did the senator study the lawyers ?	no
When the managers stopped the tourist introduced the judges .	Did the managers stop the tourist ?	no
Although the professor studied the presidents recognized the lawyer .	Did the professor study the presidents ?	no
When the scientist stopped the manager advised the lawyer .	Did the scientist stop the manager ?	no
After the athletes fought the tourists contacted the students .	Did the athletes fight the tourists ?	no
Although the artists hid the managers recognized the senator .	Did the artists hide the managers ?	no
Before the judge hid the artist believed the scientists .	Did the judge hide the artist ?	no
Although the president studied the judge supported the scientists .	Did the president study the judge ?	no
When the actor moved the presidents called the secretaries .	Did the actor move the presidents ?	no
Because the actors stopped the lawyers mentioned the doctor .	Did the actors stop the lawyers ?	no
Before the author hid the students contacted the professor .	Did the author hide the students ?	no
Because the tourist studied the athlete thanked the scientist .	Did the tourist study the athlete ?	no
Since the actor hid the lawyer stopped the author .	Did the actor hide the lawyer ?	no
When the artist stopped the senator resigned .	Did the artist stop the senator ?	no
After the athletes fought the senators arrived .	Did the athletes fight the senators ?	no
While the president hid the senators slept .	Did the president hide the senators ?	no
Since the doctor presented the tourists believed the managers .	Did the doctor present the tourists ?	no
While the lawyer presented the students supported the artist .	Did the lawyer present the students ?	no
When the artists presented the professor mentioned the lawyers .	Did the artists present the professor ?	no
Although the senator paid the professors encouraged the scientist .	Did the senator pay the professors ?	no
Before the athlete stopped the lawyers recommended the senator .	Did the athlete stop the lawyers ?	no
After the banker studied the actor supported the doctor .	Did the banker study the actor ?	no
After the senators fought the manager called the scientists .	Did the senators fight the manager ?	no
Before the doctor hid the scientist encouraged the banker .	Did the doctor hide the scientist ?	no
Before the lawyers fought the artists encouraged the scientists .	Did the lawyers fight the artists ?	no
Although the actor presented the professor stopped the senator .	Did the actor present the professor ?	no
While the artists hid the senator resigned .	Did the artists hide the senator ?	no
Since the secretary moved the student ran .	Did the secretary move the student ?	no
Although the artists paid the bankers admired the authors .	Did the artists pay the bankers ?	no
After the student stopped the doctor recommended the authors .	Did the student stop the doctor ?	no
Since the doctors fought the tourists shouted .	Did the doctors fight the tourists ?	no
Because the authors fought the tourists contacted the managers .	Did the authors fight the tourists ?	no
Since the manager studied the senators recognized the actor .	Did the manager study the senators ?	no
When the secretaries paid the student slept .	Did the secretaries pay the student ?	no
After the president hid the doctors ran .	Did the president hide the doctors ?	no
Before the artists fought the actor called the professor .	Did the artists fight the actor ?	no
Before the lawyer stopped the actors avoided the senators .	Did the lawyer stop the actors ?	no
After the authors fought the manager waited .	Did the authors fight the manager ?	no
Because the doctors presented the bankers slept .	Did the doctors present the bankers ?	no
Although the tourists hid the senators arrived .	Did the tourists hide the senators ?	no
While the secretaries studied the scientist introduced the artists .	Did the secretaries study the scientist ?	no
Before the authors moved the senator advised the secretary .	Did the authors move the senator ?	no
When the tourists stopped the doctor admired the actor .	Did the tourists stop the doctor ?	no
When the tourists paid the secretaries slept .	Did the tourists pay the secretaries ?	no
While the scientist studied the athletes mentioned the actors .	Did the scientist study the athletes ?	no
Although the artists fought the senators mentioned the actors .	Did the artists fight the senators ?	no
While the artists fought the actors introduced the students .	Did the artists fight the actors ?	no
Since the tourists fought the president encouraged the doctor .	Did the tourists fight the president ?	no
Since the actors studied the manager recommended the banker .	Did the actors study the manager ?	no
Because the senator hid the secretary waited .	Did the senator hide the secretary ?	no
While the tourist hid the banker arrived .	Did the tourist hide the banker ?	no
Although the authors stopped the professors saw the lawyers .	Did the authors stop the professors ?	no
Because the scientists paid the presidents introduced the banker .	Did the scientists pay the presidents ?	no
Because the managers fought the secretary stopped the doctor .	Did the managers fight the secretary ?	no
Because the banker presented the professors slept .	Did the banker present the professors ?	no
After the actors stopped the tourist admired the scientist .	Did the actors stop the tourist ?	no
Before the senators fought the lawyer introduced the actor .	Did the senators fight the lawyer ?	no
When the athletes stopped the senator shouted .	Did the athletes stop the senator ?	no
After the bankers presented the judge encouraged the athletes .	Did the bankers present the judge ?	no
Since the secretaries hid the banker recommended the tourist .	Did the secretaries hide the banker ?	no
While the lawyer presented the bankers stopped the presidents .	Did the lawyer present the bankers ?	no
When the author moved the actor supported the lawyers .	Did the author move the actor ?	no
Because the doctors stopped the judge believed the athletes .	Did the doctors stop the judge ?	no
Since the bankers fought the tourists encouraged the athletes .	Did the bankers fight the tourists ?	no
When the tourists fought the secretaries recommended the actor .	Did the tourists fight the secretaries ?	no
Before the lawyers presented the athlete admired the actor .	Did the lawyers present the athlete ?	no
Since the senators stopped the secretary believed the artists .	Did the senators stop the secretary ?	no
After the lawyers hid the tourists resigned .	Did the lawyers hide the tourists ?	no
Before the author hid the lawyers called the secretaries .	Did the author hide the lawyers ?	no
While the author studied the tourist danced .	Did the author study the tourist ?	no
Since the banker moved the student ran .	Did the banker move the student ?	no
While the judges stopped the bankers saw the actor .	Did the judges stop the bankers ?	no
Because the actor moved the tourist shouted .	Did the actor move the tourist ?	no
Although the author stopped the actor called the president .	Did the author stop the actor ?	no
Before the senators presented the artists supported the judge .	Did the senators present the artists ?	no
Although the artists paid the judge arrived .	Did the artists pay the judge ?	no
While the secretary presented the tourist called the senator .	Did the secretary present the tourist ?	no
Although the president studied the doctors ran .	Did the president study the doctors ?	no
Because the senator hid the managers thanked the bankers .	Did the senator hide the managers ?	no
Since the banker presented the managers admired the lawyers .	Did the banker present the managers ?	no
Although the bankers moved the students avoided the presidents .	Did the bankers move the students ?	no
While the doctor paid the judges recognized the authors .	Did the doctor pay the judges ?	no
Because the manager hid the senator advised the doctor .	Did the manager hide the senator ?	no
When the managers fought the actor performed .	Did the managers fight the actor ?	no
Since the senator presented the author performed .	Did the senator present the author ?	no
When the artist presented the student supported the tourists .	Did the artist present the student ?	no
Although the judges stopped the professors recommended the author .	Did the judges stop the professors ?	no
When the judge paid the professor called the artist .	Did the judge pay the professor ?	no
While the doctor presented the president recognized the tourists .	Did the doctor present the president ?	no
While the bankers fought the athlete waited .	Did the bankers fight the athlete ?	no
While the banker stopped the secretaries called the actor .	Did the banker stop the secretaries ?	no
Since the tourists moved the professor mentioned the secretaries .	Did the tourists move the professor ?	no
Because the tourist stopped the artist arrived .	Did the tourist stop the artist ?	no
While the athlete paid the student encouraged the doctors .	Did the athlete pay the student ?	no
Because the manager stopped the judge mentioned the scientist .	Did the manager stop the judge ?	no
Before the judges studied the scientist ran .	Did the judges study the scientist ?	no
While the actors studied the scientists advised the lawyers .	Did the actors study the scientists ?	no
Before the lawyers moved the senators avoided the author .	Did the lawyers move the senators ?	no
When the banker paid the secretaries danced .	Did the banker pay the secretaries ?	no
Because the senators presented the tourist resigned .	Did the senators present the tourist ?	no
After the doctor paid the students supported the artists .	Did the doctor pay the students ?	no
Although the student paid the artists performed .	Did the student pay the artists ?	no
Because the actor presented the bankers encouraged the presidents .	Did the actor present the bankers ?	no
Because the judge paid the manager performed .	Did the judge pay the manager ?	no
Since the judges fought the banker encouraged the student .	Did the judges fight the banker ?	no
Before the lawyers fought the professors believed the bankers .	Did the lawyers fight the professors ?	no
Before the senators hid the doctor performed .	Did the senators hide the doctor ?	no
Since the lawyer studied the president advised the athletes .	Did the lawyer study the president ?	no
When the author presented the actors helped the artists .	Did the author present the actors ?	no
Before the scientist stopped the tourist shouted .	Did the scientist stop the tourist ?	no
While the secretary presented the athlete ran .	Did the secretary present the athlete ?	no
Because the artists stopped the lawyers believed the student .	Did the artists stop the lawyers ?	no
Although the artist presented the actor recognized the president .	Did the artist present the actor ?	no
While the author stopped the lawyer believed the managers .	Did the author stop the lawyer ?	no
Before the artists paid the tourists introduced the scientist .	Did the artists pay the tourists ?	no
Although the student stopped the presidents admired the tourists .	Did the student stop the presidents ?	no
Before the senator presented the scientists resigned .	Did the senator present the scientists ?	no
While the managers hid the senator resigned .	Did the managers hide the senator ?	no
When the students fought the tourist avoided the lawyers .	Did the students fight the tourist ?	no
When the actors paid the senator avoided the bankers .	Did the actors pay the senator ?	no
After the professor moved the bankers admired the senators .	Did the professor move the bankers ?	no
When the author presented the senator shouted .	Did the author present the senator ?	no
Before the lawyer studied the students recommended the actor .	Did the lawyer study the students ?	no
Since the secretaries studied the professor danced .	Did the secretaries study the professor ?	no
Since the presidents presented the manager stopped the tourist .	Did the presidents present the manager ?	no
Although the student presented the judges avoided the lawyer .	Did the student present the judges ?	no
After the lawyer paid the student shouted .	Did the lawyer pay the student ?	no
After the doctor presented the professor ran .	Did the doctor present the professor ?	no
When the professors presented the artists avoided the lawyers .	Did the professors present the artists ?	no
Although the tourists stopped the presidents arrived .	Did the tourists stop the presidents ?	no
Because the lawyers hid the secretaries recognized the athlete .	Did the lawyers hide the secretaries ?	no
When the senators stopped the artist arrived .	Did the senators stop the artist ?	no
Although the managers moved the author mentioned the professor .	Did the managers move the author ?	no
Since the doctors fought the judges danced .	Did the doctors fight the judges ?	no
Before the authors moved the judges ran .	Did the authors move the judges ?	no
Although the doctor stopped the authors saw the judges .	Did the doctor stop the authors ?	no
While the artists presented the actor believed the banker .	Did the artists present the actor ?	no
Although the artists fought the author advised the professors .	Did the artists fight the author ?	no
Before the students moved the professor admired the senators .	Did the students move the professor ?	no
Since the doctor stopped the actors avoided the student .	Did the doctor stop the actors ?	no
After the students studied the actors contacted the manager .	Did the students study the actors ?	no
After the artist stopped the manager ran .	Did the artist stop the manager ?	no
Since the secretaries stopped the student danced .	Did the secretaries stop the student ?	no
Because the scientist hid the doctor stopped the actors .	Did the scientist hide the doctor ?	no
Although the judge moved the bankers introduced the actor .	Did the judge move the bankers ?	no
Since the artists hid the senators called the judge .	Did the artists hide the senators ?	no
When the managers moved the tourist ran .	Did the managers move the tourist ?	no
Although the doctors presented the professors admired the manager .	Did the doctors present the professors ?	no
Although the secretaries paid the actor ran .	Did the secretaries pay the actor ?	no
While the secretary presented the student supported the scientist .	Did the secretary present the student ?	no
When the manager paid the presidents arrived .	Did the manager pay the presidents ?	no
Since the scientist moved the bankers thanked the artist .	Did the scientist move the bankers ?	no
When the athletes presented the professors slept .	Did the athletes present the professors ?	no
After the actors stopped the tourists supported the lawyers .	Did the actors stop the tourists ?	no
When the students fought the senators advised the bankers .	Did the students fight the senators ?	no
When the banker moved the scientist shouted .	Did the banker move the scientist ?	no
Although the authors fought the tourists danced .	Did the authors fight the tourists ?	no
While the judge hid the students mentioned the authors .	Did the judge hide the students ?	no
Before the tourists moved the author danced .	Did the tourists move the author ?	no
Because the professor presented the lawyer ran .	Did the professor present the lawyer ?	no
Because the secretaries studied the bankers arrived .	Did the secretaries study the bankers ?	no
After the senator presented the professors helped the secretaries .	Did the senator present the professors ?	no
After the manager moved the author ran .	Did the manager move the author ?	no
After the doctor moved the manager believed the athletes .	Did the doctor move the manager ?	no
Before the authors studied the judge saw the senator .	Did the authors study the judge ?	no
When the bankers presented the athletes waited .	Did the bankers present the athletes ?	no
Since the president presented the lawyers arrived .	Did the president present the lawyers ?	no
Before the tourists hid the judge waited .	Did the tourists hide the judge ?	no
Because the secretary presented the senator introduced the actor .	Did the secretary present the senator ?	no
Before the doctors moved the professors thanked the senators .	Did the doctors move the professors ?	no
Although the secretaries moved the actor thanked the manager .	Did the secretaries move the actor ?	no
Although the judges fought the professor helped the senators .	Did the judges fight the professor ?	no
Because the presidents fought the judges shouted .	Did the presidents fight the judges ?	no
While the bankers fought the student believed the tourists .	Did the bankers fight the student ?	no
Since the secretary hid the president stopped the doctor .	Did the secretary hide the president ?	no
Before the managers hid the bankers resigned .	Did the managers hide the bankers ?	no
Before the professors paid the artist performed .	Did the professors pay the artist ?	no
While the tourist moved the student arrived .	Did the tourist move the student ?	no
Since the actors hid the scientist waited .	Did the actors hide the scientist ?	no
Before the authors fought the president supported the judges .	Did the authors fight the president ?	no
Because the managers fought the authors slept .	Did the managers fight the authors ?	no
Although the athlete hid the artists avoided the doctor .	Did the athlete hide the artists ?	no
Although the lawyers fought the actor danced .	Did the lawyers fight the actor ?	no
After the artists moved the banker helped the student .	Did the artists move the banker ?	no
Because the professor paid the doctors admired the lawyer .	Did the professor pay the doctors ?	no
Since the manager studied the presidents arrived .	Did the manager study the presidents ?	no
While the tourist hid the doctors recommended the lawyer .	Did the tourist hide the doctors ?	no
Although the athletes fought the judge introduced the doctor .	Did the athletes fight the judge ?	no
Although the artist paid the doctor mentioned the senators .	Did the artist pay the doctor ?	no
While the senator stopped the judge mentioned the banker .	Did the senator stop the judge ?	no
After the author paid the actor ran .	Did the author pay the actor ?	no
Because the actors moved the doctors stopped the senator .	Did the actors move the doctors ?	no
When the tourists presented the managers advised the doctors .	Did the tourists present the managers ?	no
Although the athletes fought the students ran .	Did the athletes fight the students ?	no
Although the managers hid the actors saw the athlete .	Did the managers hide the actors ?	no
The tourist and the scientists admired the doctors .	Did the scientists admire the doctors ?	yes
The professor and the banker saw the author .	Did the banker see the author ?	yes
The professor and the authors admired the doctor .	Did the authors admire the doctor ?	yes
The actor and the professor mentioned the lawyer .	Did the professor mention the lawyer ?	yes
The scientists believed the lawyers and the professor .	Did the scientists believe the lawyers ?	yes
The authors avoided the managers and the actors .	Did the authors avoid the managers ?	yes
The lawyer called the students and the secretary .	Did the lawyer call the students ?	yes
The doctor stopped the actors and the tourists .	Did the doctor stop the actors ?	yes
The senators encouraged the tourists and the artist .	Did the senators encourage the tourists ?	yes
The artist and the athletes danced .	Did the athletes dance ?	yes
The president and the secretary mentioned the manager .	Did the secretary mention the manager ?	yes
The athletes and the judges recognized the tourists .	Did the judges recognize the tourists ?	yes
The manager and the tourists encouraged the president .	Did the tourists encourage the president ?	yes
The doctor and the professor recognized the senator .	Did the professor recognize the senator ?	yes
The lawyers recommended the author and the presidents .	Did the lawyers recommend the author ?	yes
The judges advised the senators and the athletes .	Did the judges advise the senators ?	yes
The manager and the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	yes
The secretaries and the scientists admired the professors .	Did the scientists admire the professors ?	yes
The president and the scientists shouted .	Did the scientists shout ?	yes
The secretaries admired the lawyer and the scientist .	Did the secretaries admire the lawyer ?	yes
The presidents recognized the scientists and the artists .	Did the presidents recognize the scientists ?	yes
The athlete and the artist slept .	Did the artist sleep ?	yes
The author recommended the senator and the scientist .	Did the author recommend the senator ?	yes
The athlete and the bankers contacted the professors .	Did the bankers contact the professors ?	yes
The banker introduced the athletes and the scientist .	Did the banker introduce the athletes ?	yes
The artists and the managers danced .	Did the managers dance ?	yes
The judges and the students ran .	Did the students run ?	yes
The scientists thanked the bankers and the tourists .	Did the scientists thank the bankers ?	yes
The doctor and the manager saw the authors .	Did the manager see the authors ?	yes
The athlete saw the artist and the tourists .	Did the athlete see the artist ?	yes
The doctors saw the actors and the author .	Did the doctors see the actors ?	yes
The professors and the doctors helped the scientists .	Did the doctors help the scientists ?	yes
The doctors thanked the tourist and the artists .	Did the doctors thank the tourist ?	yes
The artist and the authors stopped the lawyers .	Did the authors stop the lawyers ?	yes
The athlete and the president helped the professors .	Did the president help the professors ?	yes
The lawyer contacted the author and the senators .	Did the lawyer contact the author ?	yes
The doctor and the secretaries recognized the student .	Did the secretaries recognize the student ?	yes
The senator and the artist recognized the tourist .	Did the artist recognize the tourist ?	yes
The professors and the doctor believed the bankers .	Did the doctor believe the bankers ?	yes
The professors called the manager and the secretaries .	Did the professors call the manager ?	yes
The bankers and the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	yes
The athletes and the tourist contacted the secretary .	Did the tourist contact the secretary ?	yes
The banker and the secretary contacted the athlete .	Did the secretary contact the athlete ?	yes
The judge and the doctors introduced the artist .	Did the doctors introduce the artist ?	yes
The professors stopped the judges and the artists .	Did the professors stop the judges ?	yes
The presidents saw the artists and the student .	Did the presidents see the artists ?	yes
The lawyer advised the manager and the actors .	Did the lawyer advise the manager ?	yes
The students and the president recommended the athletes .	Did the president recommend the athletes ?	yes
The professors and the author recommended the scientists .	Did the author recommend the scientists ?	yes
The artists and the judge slept .	Did the judge sleep ?	yes
The tourist and the presidents advised the doctor .	Did the presidents advise the doctor ?	yes
The professors and the lawyer stopped the banker .	Did the lawyer stop the banker ?	yes
The actor and the lawyers stopped the tourist .	Did the lawyers stop the tourist ?	yes
The actor and the scientist slept .	Did the scientist sleep ?	yes
The professor and the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	yes
The tourist and the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	yes
The banker and the senator supported the secretaries .	Did the senator support the secretaries ?	yes
The scientists and the banker saw the secretary .	Did the banker see the secretary ?	yes
The senators and the tourists slept .	Did the tourists sleep ?	yes
The doctor and the bankers supported the artist .	Did the bankers support the artist ?	yes
The scientist advised the actor and the tourist .	Did the scientist advise the actor ?	yes
The scientists and the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	yes
The secretary and the banker arrived .	Did the banker arrive ?	yes
The athletes and the actor admired the manager .	Did the actor admire the manager ?	yes
The senator and the students avoided the doctors .	Did the students avoid the doctors ?	yes
The student and the lawyers believed the tourist .	Did the lawyers believe the tourist ?	yes
The president encouraged the athlete and the artists .	Did the president encourage the athlete ?	yes
The doctors called the students and the judge .	Did the doctors call the students ?	yes
The tourist mentioned the actors and the senator .	Did the tourist mention the actors ?	yes
The secretary and the actor recommended the athletes .	Did the actor recommend the athletes ?	yes
The scientist and the judges arrived .	Did the judges arrive ?	yes
The manager and the tourist helped the banker .	Did the tourist help the banker ?	yes
The actors and the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	yes
The tourist and the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	yes
The students and the athletes performed .	Did the athletes perform ?	yes
The lawyer avoided the secretaries and the authors .	Did the lawyer avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The athlete and the president supported the tourists .	Did the president support the tourists ?	yes
The banker introduced the actors and the scientist .	Did the banker introduce the actors ?	yes
The actor and the athlete avoided the artist .	Did the athlete avoid the artist ?	yes
The senators recommended the managers and the actor .	Did the senators recommend the managers ?	yes
The artist and the secretary ran .	Did the secretary run ?	yes
The secretaries saw the doctor and the student .	Did the secretaries see the doctor ?	yes
The actors and the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	yes
The secretaries thanked the scientists and the banker .	Did the secretaries thank the scientists ?	yes
The senators and the managers introduced the doctors .	Did the managers introduce the doctors ?	yes
The tourists and the doctor stopped the bankers .	Did the doctor stop the bankers ?	yes
The secretary recommended the presidents and the artist .	Did the secretary recommend the presidents ?	yes
The student and the authors helped the senators .	Did the authors help the senators ?	yes
The senator and the secretaries encouraged the student .	Did the secretaries encourage the student ?	yes
The bankers advised the professor and the scientists .	Did the bankers advise the professor ?	yes
The managers and the president ran .	Did the president run ?	yes
The senators helped the author and the judge .	Did the senators help the author ?	yes
The students and the professor slept .	Did the professor sleep ?	yes
The athlete recommended the senators and the president .	Did the athlete recommend the senators ?	yes
The senators and the doctors avoided the artist .	Did the doctors avoid the artist ?	yes
The professors supported the students and the manager .	Did the professors support the students ?	yes
The athletes and the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	yes
The judge and the senators avoided the doctors .	Did the senators avoid the doctors ?	yes
The presidents introduced the doctor and the athletes .	Did the presidents introduce the doctor ?	yes
The judge and the athletes encouraged the professor .	Did the athletes encourage the professor ?	yes
The bankers and the lawyer encouraged the professors .	Did the lawyer encourage the professors ?	yes
The presidents and the judges believed the managers .	Did the judges believe the managers ?	yes
The lawyers recognized the artist and the judge .	Did the lawyers recognize the artist ?	yes
The doctor and the manager helped the bankers .	Did the manager help the bankers ?	yes
The athlete introduced the author and the professors .	Did the athlete introduce the author ?	yes
The authors and the judges admired the scientist .	Did the judges admire the scientist ?	yes
The presidents and the artists admired the bankers .	Did the artists admire the bankers ?	yes
The students and the actor avoided the managers .	Did the actor avoid the managers ?	yes
The manager and the student encouraged the tourists .	Did the student encourage the tourists ?	yes
The student introduced the professors and the scientists .	Did the student introduce the professors ?	yes
The secretaries and the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	yes
The tourists avoided the manager and the judge .	Did the tourists avoid the manager ?	yes
The professor admired the presidents and the actors .	Did the professor admire the presidents ?	yes
The doctors and the author admired the judge .	Did the author admire the judge ?	yes
The authors called the secretary and the tourist .	Did the authors call the secretary ?	yes
The lawyer saw the managers and the tourist .	Did the lawyer see the managers ?	yes
The presidents supported the banker and the author .	Did the presidents support the banker ?	yes
The tourist mentioned the professors and the doctor .	Did the tourist mention the professors ?	yes
The president recognized the artists and the lawyer .	Did the president recognize the artists ?	yes
The presidents and the lawyer helped the judge .	Did the lawyer help the judge ?	yes
The professor introduced the athlete and the manager .	Did the professor introduce the athlete ?	yes
The students advised the secretary and the actor .	Did the students advise the secretary ?	yes
The lawyer and the senator stopped the manager .	Did the senator stop the manager ?	yes
The actors and the manager danced .	Did the manager dance ?	yes
The doctor introduced the athlete and the actor .	Did the doctor introduce the athlete ?	yes
The lawyer thanked the athletes and the professor .	Did the lawyer thank the athletes ?	yes
The presidents contacted the students and the doctor .	Did the presidents contact the students ?	yes
The artist helped the tourist and the senator .	Did the artist help the tourist ?	yes
The manager believed the judge and the artist .	Did the manager believe the judge ?	yes
The athlete helped the judges and the presidents .	Did the athlete help the judges ?	yes
The tourist mentioned the athlete and the author .	Did the tourist mention the athlete ?	yes
The manager called the bankers and the artist .	Did the manager call the bankers ?	yes
The manager and the professors waited .	Did the professors wait ?	yes
The scientist and the professor stopped the student .	Did the professor stop the student ?	yes
The secretaries and the authors resigned .	Did the authors resign ?	yes
The professor and the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	yes
The lawyers recommended the bankers and the judges .	Did the lawyers recommend the bankers ?	yes
The lawyers stopped the tourist and the manager .	Did the lawyers stop the tourist ?	yes
The president and the senator waited .	Did the senator wait ?	yes
The banker supported the actors and the managers .	Did the banker support the actors ?	yes
The tourist and the athletes introduced the bankers .	Did the athletes introduce the bankers ?	yes
The secretary and the doctors believed the presidents .	Did the doctors believe the presidents ?	yes
The judges and the artists waited .	Did the artists wait ?	yes
The bankers and the president helped the tourist .	Did the president help the tourist ?	yes
The senator admired the bankers and the artists .	Did the senator admire the bankers ?	yes
The secretary admired the manager and the senator .	Did the secretary admire the manager ?	yes
The tourist and the lawyers arrived .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
The student saw the senator and the managers .	Did the student see the senator ?	yes
The athletes contacted the professors and the artists .	Did the athletes contact the professors ?	yes
The doctor and the lawyer admired the student .	Did the lawyer admire the student ?	yes
The artist and the actor mentioned the secretaries .	Did the actor mention the secretaries ?	yes
The doctor supported the secretaries and the lawyers .	Did the doctor support the secretaries ?	yes
The students and the scientist waited .	Did the scientist wait ?	yes
The scientists and the bankers mentioned the tourist .	Did the bankers mention the tourist ?	yes
The author and the lawyer contacted the athlete .	Did the lawyer contact the athlete ?	yes
The judges and the athletes mentioned the banker .	Did the athletes mention the banker ?	yes
The senators stopped the lawyers and the president .	Did the senators stop the lawyers ?	yes
The president admired the tourists and the actor .	Did the president admire the tourists ?	yes
The professor introduced the artist and the athlete .	Did the professor introduce the artist ?	yes
The senators and the judges stopped the athlete .	Did the judges stop the athlete ?	yes
The presidents and the student advised the athletes .	Did the student advise the athletes ?	yes
The doctor recognized the presidents and the student .	Did the doctor recognize the presidents ?	yes
The athletes and the students resigned .	Did the students resign ?	yes
The author and the athlete supported the students .	Did the athlete support the students ?	yes
The actors helped the manager and the lawyer .	Did the actors help the manager ?	yes
The doctors and the secretaries arrived .	Did the secretaries arrive ?	yes
The artist and the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	yes
The author and the artist waited .	Did the artist wait ?	yes
The judges and the professor ran .	Did the professor run ?	yes
The manager and the banker encouraged the doctors .	Did the banker encourage the doctors ?	yes
The artist and the scientists introduced the tourists .	Did the scientists introduce the tourists ?	yes
The manager admired the doctors and the professors .	Did the manager admire the doctors ?	yes
The president recognized the lawyers and the tourist .	Did the president recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The artist and the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	yes
The lawyers called the scientist and the doctor .	Did the lawyers call the scientist ?	yes
The managers and the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	yes
The managers and the scientist waited .	Did the scientist wait ?	yes
The actor and the lawyers supported the authors .	Did the lawyers support the authors ?	yes
The students encouraged the senator and the secretary .	Did the students encourage the senator ?	yes
The tourists and the professors thanked the secretary .	Did the professors thank the secretary ?	yes
The manager and the actors advised the doctors .	Did the actors advise the doctors ?	yes
The professor thanked the scientists and the athlete .	Did the professor thank the scientists ?	yes
The student and the professor encouraged the judges .	Did the professor encourage the judges ?	yes
The senator and the students ran .	Did the students run ?	yes
The professor and the athlete mentioned the artists .	Did the athlete mention the artists ?	yes
The tourist and the athletes introduced the manager .	Did the athletes introduce the manager ?	yes
The scientists and the professors saw the authors .	Did the professors see the authors ?	yes
The managers and the doctors avoided the actors .	Did the doctors avoid the actors ?	yes
The scientists believed the secretary and the lawyer .	Did the scientists believe the secretary ?	yes
The artists and the authors avoided the bankers .	Did the authors avoid the bankers ?	yes
The athlete and the manager recognized the professor .	Did the manager recognize the professor ?	yes
The athletes and the lawyer arrived .	Did the lawyer arrive ?	yes
The manager and the senators performed .	Did the senators perform ?	yes
The student and the tourists believed the professor .	Did the tourists believe the professor ?	yes
The author helped the scientist and the banker .	Did the author help the scientist ?	yes
The president and the judge ran .	Did the judge run ?	yes
The manager recognized the professor and the judge .	Did the manager recognize the professor ?	yes
The lawyers encouraged the senators and the scientist .	Did the lawyers encourage the senators ?	yes
The senator believed the artists and the author .	Did the senator believe the artists ?	yes
The actor called the artist and the professor .	Did the actor call the artist ?	yes
The actors stopped the banker and the judges .	Did the actors stop the banker ?	yes
The scientist and the managers avoided the tourist .	Did the managers avoid the tourist ?	yes
The tourist and the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	yes
The doctors and the actors thanked the lawyer .	Did the actors thank the lawyer ?	yes
The senators avoided the artists and the tourist .	Did the senators avoid the artists ?	yes
The tourist and the senator avoided the scientist .	Did the senator avoid the scientist ?	yes
The students saw the doctor and the presidents .	Did the students see the doctor ?	yes
The doctor thanked the presidents and the artist .	Did the doctor thank the presidents ?	yes
The doctor advised the judges and the secretaries .	Did the doctor advise the judges ?	yes
The judges and the presidents slept .	Did the presidents sleep ?	yes
The scientists and the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	yes
The author encouraged the judges and the presidents .	Did the author encourage the judges ?	yes
The banker and the secretaries thanked the tourist .	Did the secretaries thank the tourist ?	yes
The scientists stopped the athlete and the artists .	Did the scientists stop the athlete ?	yes
The president helped the students and the athletes .	Did the president help the students ?	yes
The senator and the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	yes
The athletes and the doctors introduced the tourists .	Did the doctors introduce the tourists ?	yes
The bankers avoided the tourist and the president .	Did the bankers avoid the tourist ?	yes
The doctor avoided the scientists and the lawyers .	Did the doctor avoid the scientists ?	yes
The scientists and the judges introduced the manager .	Did the judges introduce the manager ?	yes
The professor and the tourist danced .	Did the tourist dance ?	yes
The student and the judge supported the doctor .	Did the judge support the doctor ?	yes
The tourist and the president supported the athletes .	Did the president support the athletes ?	yes
The professors and the secretary slept .	Did the secretary sleep ?	yes
The judge and the tourist introduced the banker .	Did the tourist introduce the banker ?	yes
The secretaries and the lawyer saw the artists .	Did the lawyer see the artists ?	yes
The lawyers and the athlete avoided the professors .	Did the athlete avoid the professors ?	yes
The scientists supported the tourist and the presidents .	Did the scientists support the tourist ?	yes
The doctors and the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	yes
The scientists advised the manager and the authors .	Did the scientists advise the manager ?	yes
The student and the secretaries waited .	Did the secretaries wait ?	yes
The professors admired the artists and the secretaries .	Did the professors admire the artists ?	yes
The president and the bankers helped the athlete .	Did the bankers help the athlete ?	yes
The student and the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	yes
The artist and the bankers thanked the senators .	Did the bankers thank the senators ?	yes
The president and the athlete advised the scientists .	Did the athlete advise the scientists ?	yes
The bankers and the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	yes
The athlete supported the actor and the doctor .	Did the athlete support the actor ?	yes
The lawyers and the secretaries saw the professor .	Did the secretaries see the professor ?	yes
The scientist saw the athlete and the judges .	Did the scientist see the athlete ?	yes
The artist and the scientists introduced the actors .	Did the scientists introduce the actors ?	yes
The authors and the lawyers arrived .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
The lawyers and the banker avoided the doctors .	Did the banker avoid the doctors ?	yes
The actor introduced the lawyers and the secretary .	Did the actor introduce the lawyers ?	yes
The author and the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	yes
The doctor helped the authors and the scientist .	Did the doctor help the authors ?	yes
The bankers and the scientists mentioned the managers .	Did the scientists mention the managers ?	yes
The students recommended the banker and the secretaries .	Did the students recommend the banker ?	yes
The managers and the judge avoided the doctors .	Did the judge avoid the doctors ?	yes
The lawyers recommended the secretary and the president .	Did the lawyers recommend the secretary ?	yes
The students recognized the doctor and the athlete .	Did the students recognize the doctor ?	yes
The president and the doctor supported the bankers .	Did the doctor support the bankers ?	yes
The actor and the bankers shouted .	Did the bankers shout ?	yes
The presidents and the authors supported the doctor .	Did the authors support the doctor ?	yes
The tourist and the professors thanked the president .	Did the professors thank the president ?	yes
The senator and the lawyers encouraged the managers .	Did the lawyers encourage the managers ?	yes
The scientists and the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	yes
The judges mentioned the secretaries and the lawyers .	Did the judges mention the secretaries ?	yes
The judges recognized the senators and the professors .	Did the judges recognize the senators ?	yes
The secretary mentioned the student and the senators .	Did the secretary mention the student ?	yes
The judge admired the lawyers and the artist .	Did the judge admire the lawyers ?	yes
The senator and the lawyer saw the artists .	Did the lawyer see the artists ?	yes
The judges and the bankers shouted .	Did the bankers shout ?	yes
The lawyer advised the scientist and the author .	Did the lawyer advise the scientist ?	yes
The secretaries and the author shouted .	Did the author shout ?	yes
The lawyers thanked the secretary and the judge .	Did the lawyers thank the secretary ?	yes
The tourist and the senator introduced the president .	Did the senator introduce the president ?	yes
The judges thanked the managers and the senator .	Did the judges thank the managers ?	yes
The manager advised the doctor and the judges .	Did the manager advise the doctor ?	yes
The secretaries and the actor ran .	Did the actor run ?	yes
The manager recommended the doctor and the athletes .	Did the manager recommend the doctor ?	yes
The scientists and the president ran .	Did the president run ?	yes
The professor and the tourists believed the secretaries .	Did the tourists believe the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyer and the manager ran .	Did the manager run ?	yes
The students and the secretaries mentioned the doctor .	Did the secretaries mention the doctor ?	yes
The lawyers and the student introduced the secretary .	Did the student introduce the secretary ?	yes
The tourists and the doctors ran .	Did the doctors run ?	yes
The managers saw the actor and the students .	Did the managers see the actor ?	yes
The lawyers and the doctor ran .	Did the doctor run ?	yes
The actors and the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	yes
The lawyer and the presidents admired the manager .	Did the presidents admire the manager ?	yes
The bankers advised the doctor and the tourists .	Did the bankers advise the doctor ?	yes
The tourists and the athletes advised the managers .	Did the athletes advise the managers ?	yes
The doctor and the athletes thanked the scientist .	Did the athletes thank the scientist ?	yes
The managers and the student resigned .	Did the student resign ?	yes
The athlete saw the professor and the judges .	Did the athlete see the professor ?	yes
The athlete recommended the student and the manager .	Did the athlete recommend the student ?	yes
The artist and the lawyers helped the senator .	Did the lawyers help the senator ?	yes
The actor and the senator advised the judge .	Did the senator advise the judge ?	yes
The presidents encouraged the manager and the judges .	Did the presidents encourage the manager ?	yes
The athlete avoided the actor and the president .	Did the athlete avoid the actor ?	yes
The artist and the tourists performed .	Did the tourists perform ?	yes
The artists saw the actor and the secretary .	Did the artists see the actor ?	yes
The artist contacted the author and the lawyers .	Did the artist contact the author ?	yes
The actors and the authors resigned .	Did the authors resign ?	yes
The doctors and the artists stopped the president .	Did the artists stop the president ?	yes
The author stopped the athlete and the professor .	Did the author stop the athlete ?	yes
The actor and the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	yes
The actor introduced the judge and the presidents .	Did the actor introduce the judge ?	yes
The judge and the presidents ran .	Did the presidents run ?	yes
The athletes supported the presidents and the lawyer .	Did the athletes support the presidents ?	yes
The athletes admired the manager and the scientists .	Did the athletes admire the manager ?	yes
The lawyer and the judges saw the manager .	Did the judges see the manager ?	yes
The student stopped the athlete and the lawyer .	Did the student stop the athlete ?	yes
The authors and the doctors waited .	Did the doctors wait ?	yes
The president and the manager arrived .	Did the manager arrive ?	yes
The professor avoided the scientists and the banker .	Did the professor avoid the scientists ?	yes
The bankers and the athlete recognized the artists .	Did the athlete recognize the artists ?	yes
The artist and the lawyer contacted the secretaries .	Did the lawyer contact the secretaries ?	yes
The senator and the student arrived .	Did the student arrive ?	yes
The doctor avoided the athlete and the senators .	Did the doctor avoid the athlete ?	yes
The athletes and the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	yes
The artists advised the secretaries and the authors .	Did the artists advise the secretaries ?	yes
The artist and the scientist called the manager .	Did the scientist call the manager ?	yes
The doctor and the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	yes
The managers avoided the actors and the scientist .	Did the managers avoid the actors ?	yes
The actors and the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	yes
The manager avoided the secretaries and the athletes .	Did the manager avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The bankers and the artist introduced the authors .	Did the artist introduce the authors ?	yes
The author and the senators ran .	Did the senators run ?	yes
The judges and the doctors thanked the secretaries .	Did the doctors thank the secretaries ?	yes
The professor and the artists introduced the student .	Did the artists introduce the student ?	yes
The doctor and the athlete supported the senators .	Did the athlete support the senators ?	yes
The banker saw the lawyer and the student .	Did the banker see the lawyer ?	yes
The artist and the actors introduced the doctors .	Did the actors introduce the doctors ?	yes
The students and the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	yes
The lawyers and the scientist ran .	Did the scientist run ?	yes
The senator and the students slept .	Did the students sleep ?	yes
The secretary and the actors called the athletes .	Did the actors call the athletes ?	yes
The tourists contacted the managers and the doctors .	Did the tourists contact the managers ?	yes
The artists and the managers waited .	Did the managers wait ?	yes
The athletes and the scientists contacted the tourists .	Did the scientists contact the tourists ?	yes
The secretaries mentioned the athlete and the students .	Did the secretaries mention the athlete ?	yes
The professors and the doctors avoided the actor .	Did the doctors avoid the actor ?	yes
The senators introduced the athlete and the scientists .	Did the senators introduce the athlete ?	yes
The judges and the artists avoided the actors .	Did the artists avoid the actors ?	yes
The lawyers encouraged the scientists and the secretary .	Did the lawyers encourage the scientists ?	yes
The tourists and the artists supported the banker .	Did the artists support the banker ?	yes
The managers and the tourists introduced the athletes .	Did the tourists introduce the athletes ?	yes
The judges and the president introduced the tourists .	Did the president introduce the tourists ?	yes
The bankers and the actors stopped the secretary .	Did the actors stop the secretary ?	yes
The authors called the secretary and the student .	Did the authors call the secretary ?	yes
The artist recommended the students and the tourist .	Did the artist recommend the students ?	yes
The authors and the actor saw the scientists .	Did the actor see the scientists ?	yes
The managers introduced the students and the athlete .	Did the managers introduce the students ?	yes
The banker and the athlete introduced the manager .	Did the athlete introduce the manager ?	yes
The president recommended the actor and the lawyer .	Did the president recommend the actor ?	yes
The presidents and the lawyer saw the doctors .	Did the lawyer see the doctors ?	yes
The tourists and the artist thanked the presidents .	Did the artist thank the presidents ?	yes
The professors and the presidents ran .	Did the presidents run ?	yes
The athlete and the professors resigned .	Did the professors resign ?	yes
The author advised the professors and the judges .	Did the author advise the professors ?	yes
The lawyer and the student stopped the artist .	Did the student stop the artist ?	yes
The doctors and the artist shouted .	Did the artist shout ?	yes
The actor introduced the professors and the scientists .	Did the actor introduce the professors ?	yes
The secretaries and the judges thanked the athletes .	Did the judges thank the athletes ?	yes
The actor and the lawyer admired the presidents .	Did the lawyer admire the presidents ?	yes
The tourist and the author ran .	Did the author run ?	yes
The tourist called the professors and the student .	Did the tourist call the professors ?	yes
The judge supported the manager and the tourists .	Did the judge support the manager ?	yes
The actor and the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
The artist and the students avoided the secretary .	Did the students avoid the secretary ?	yes
The artist believed the banker and the lawyer .	Did the artist believe the banker ?	yes
The artists and the athlete helped the judge .	Did the athlete help the judge ?	yes
The doctor and the students arrived .	Did the students arrive ?	yes
The authors called the students and the tourist .	Did the authors call the students ?	yes
The tourists supported the scientists and the artist .	Did the tourists support the scientists ?	yes
The artists and the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	yes
The lawyers and the actor avoided the judge .	Did the actor avoid the judge ?	yes
The managers and the senators believed the scientist .	Did the senators believe the scientist ?	yes
The president and the doctors danced .	Did the doctors dance ?	yes
The scientist and the tourist mentioned the managers .	Did the tourist mention the managers ?	yes
The bankers recommended the president and the lawyer .	Did the bankers recommend the president ?	yes
The secretaries thanked the scientists and the student .	Did the secretaries thank the scientists ?	yes
The manager and the artist recognized the senator .	Did the artist recognize the senator ?	yes
The senator and the manager shouted .	Did the manager shout ?	yes
The manager and the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	yes
The professor and the athlete recognized the authors .	Did the athlete recognize the authors ?	yes
The authors and the actors advised the secretaries .	Did the actors advise the secretaries ?	yes
The bankers and the manager contacted the judges .	Did the manager contact the judges ?	yes
The student and the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	yes
The president and the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	yes
The secretary contacted the athletes and the professor .	Did the secretary contact the athletes ?	yes
The managers supported the artists and the student .	Did the managers support the artists ?	yes
The presidents and the judge believed the managers .	Did the judge believe the managers ?	yes
The student and the judges thanked the lawyers .	Did the judges thank the lawyers ?	yes
The tourist and the scientists supported the author .	Did the scientists support the author ?	yes
The professors and the actor advised the bankers .	Did the actor advise the bankers ?	yes
The doctors and the artist introduced the scientists .	Did the artist introduce the scientists ?	yes
The judges contacted the lawyers and the author .	Did the judges contact the lawyers ?	yes
The senator and the manager slept .	Did the manager sleep ?	yes
The actors and the doctor recommended the senators .	Did the doctor recommend the senators ?	yes
The athletes and the artists helped the lawyers .	Did the artists help the lawyers ?	yes
The athletes stopped the artists and the lawyer .	Did the athletes stop the artists ?	yes
The lawyers encouraged the actors and the professors .	Did the lawyers encourage the actors ?	yes
The lawyers and the tourist recognized the professor .	Did the tourist recognize the professor ?	yes
The actor thanked the athletes and the tourist .	Did the actor thank the athletes ?	yes
The professor recommended the students and the presidents .	Did the professor recommend the students ?	yes
The manager and the artist waited .	Did the artist wait ?	yes
The bankers called the actor and the doctor .	Did the bankers call the actor ?	yes
The athletes and the actor recognized the doctor .	Did the actor recognize the doctor ?	yes
The actor and the judges avoided the athlete .	Did the judges avoid the athlete ?	yes
The student and the athletes mentioned the president .	Did the athletes mention the president ?	yes
The student admired the senators and the lawyer .	Did the student admire the senators ?	yes
The actor and the managers resigned .	Did the managers resign ?	yes
The athletes and the actors resigned .	Did the actors resign ?	yes
The bankers and the judges advised the athlete .	Did the judges advise the athlete ?	yes
The judge and the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	yes
The lawyer called the bankers and the students .	Did the lawyer call the bankers ?	yes
The artists admired the senators and the tourist .	Did the artists admire the senators ?	yes
The manager and the students admired the banker .	Did the students admire the banker ?	yes
The tourists and the actor waited .	Did the actor wait ?	yes
The students and the secretaries recommended the professor .	Did the secretaries recommend the professor ?	yes
The athletes recognized the students and the senator .	Did the athletes recognize the students ?	yes
The senators and the lawyer saw the doctors .	Did the lawyer see the doctors ?	yes
The judge stopped the managers and the athlete .	Did the judge stop the managers ?	yes
The author and the doctor mentioned the judges .	Did the doctor mention the judges ?	yes
The professor introduced the secretary and the scientist .	Did the professor introduce the secretary ?	yes
The managers and the professors resigned .	Did the professors resign ?	yes
The artist mentioned the lawyer and the banker .	Did the artist mention the lawyer ?	yes
The managers and the scientist advised the artist .	Did the scientist advise the artist ?	yes
The senators and the tourist stopped the student .	Did the tourist stop the student ?	yes
The lawyer and the senator contacted the students .	Did the senator contact the students ?	yes
The doctors and the authors ran .	Did the authors run ?	yes
The artists and the doctors recognized the professor .	Did the doctors recognize the professor ?	yes
The manager and the artists called the scientist .	Did the artists call the scientist ?	yes
The managers and the presidents thanked the actor .	Did the presidents thank the actor ?	yes
The president and the managers danced .	Did the managers dance ?	yes
The presidents mentioned the actors and the manager .	Did the presidents mention the actors ?	yes
The actors admired the presidents and the scientists .	Did the actors admire the presidents ?	yes
The actor and the managers believed the scientist .	Did the managers believe the scientist ?	yes
The scientist and the secretaries waited .	Did the secretaries wait ?	yes
The student supported the lawyer and the secretaries .	Did the student support the lawyer ?	yes
The secretaries mentioned the senator and the artists .	Did the secretaries mention the senator ?	yes
The lawyer and the doctor stopped the judges .	Did the doctor stop the judges ?	yes
The actor and the professor encouraged the president .	Did the professor encourage the president ?	yes
The president avoided the bankers and the artist .	Did the president avoid the bankers ?	yes
The bankers admired the doctor and the lawyers .	Did the bankers admire the doctor ?	yes
The senator and the managers recognized the doctor .	Did the managers recognize the doctor ?	yes
The athletes recognized the lawyers and the professor .	Did the athletes recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The managers and the presidents recognized the lawyer .	Did the presidents recognize the lawyer ?	yes
The managers and the athlete avoided the scientist .	Did the athlete avoid the scientist ?	yes
The scientist supported the artists and the tourist .	Did the scientist support the artists ?	yes
The banker and the doctors introduced the judge .	Did the doctors introduce the judge ?	yes
The tourists and the presidents introduced the banker .	Did the presidents introduce the banker ?	yes
The manager helped the athlete and the secretaries .	Did the manager help the athlete ?	yes
The president and the authors supported the artists .	Did the authors support the artists ?	yes
The lawyer and the professor arrived .	Did the professor arrive ?	yes
The actors contacted the secretary and the students .	Did the actors contact the secretary ?	yes
The professor and the artists recommended the actors .	Did the artists recommend the actors ?	yes
The doctors admired the judges and the lawyer .	Did the doctors admire the judges ?	yes
The doctors saw the artists and the student .	Did the doctors see the artists ?	yes
The secretaries and the scientists arrived .	Did the scientists arrive ?	yes
The lawyer admired the presidents and the doctor .	Did the lawyer admire the presidents ?	yes
The lawyers thanked the doctors and the senators .	Did the lawyers thank the doctors ?	yes
The bankers called the doctors and the president .	Did the bankers call the doctors ?	yes
The lawyer and the doctor introduced the senators .	Did the doctor introduce the senators ?	yes
The actor and the professor recommended the lawyer .	Did the professor recommend the lawyer ?	yes
The author and the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	yes
The athlete encouraged the artist and the tourist .	Did the athlete encourage the artist ?	yes
The lawyers avoided the students and the artist .	Did the lawyers avoid the students ?	yes
The actors thanked the president and the judge .	Did the actors thank the president ?	yes
The doctor and the professors supported the authors .	Did the professors support the authors ?	yes
The scientist and the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	yes
The bankers recognized the judge and the lawyer .	Did the bankers recognize the judge ?	yes
The authors and the artists supported the bankers .	Did the artists support the bankers ?	yes
The senators and the tourist thanked the professors .	Did the tourist thank the professors ?	yes
The artists and the secretary admired the manager .	Did the secretary admire the manager ?	yes
The presidents and the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	yes
The author called the bankers and the secretaries .	Did the author call the bankers ?	yes
The lawyer and the judge slept .	Did the judge sleep ?	yes
The president contacted the tourists and the professor .	Did the president contact the tourists ?	yes
The tourist and the professors encouraged the judge .	Did the professors encourage the judge ?	yes
The secretary recognized the senator and the students .	Did the secretary recognize the senator ?	yes
The professor and the senator recognized the athletes .	Did the senator recognize the athletes ?	yes
The manager introduced the president and the judge .	Did the manager introduce the president ?	yes
The artists and the actor advised the professor .	Did the actor advise the professor ?	yes
The secretary introduced the tourist and the doctors .	Did the secretary introduce the tourist ?	yes
The athlete contacted the bankers and the manager .	Did the athlete contact the bankers ?	yes
The professors and the student ran .	Did the student run ?	yes
The scientists believed the artist and the senator .	Did the scientists believe the artist ?	yes
The tourists contacted the professor and the judges .	Did the tourists contact the professor ?	yes
The judge and the students admired the author .	Did the students admire the author ?	yes
The professors and the senator supported the bankers .	Did the senator support the bankers ?	yes
The students and the managers waited .	Did the managers wait ?	yes
The doctors and the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	yes
The managers and the athlete mentioned the doctors .	Did the athlete mention the doctors ?	yes
The judges and the scientist called the tourists .	Did the scientist call the tourists ?	yes
The bankers introduced the senators and the doctors .	Did the bankers introduce the senators ?	yes
The judges and the bankers called the student .	Did the bankers call the student ?	yes
The authors and the doctor encouraged the lawyers .	Did the doctor encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The presidents and the author introduced the doctor .	Did the author introduce the doctor ?	yes
The scientist and the athletes saw the presidents .	Did the athletes see the presidents ?	yes
The secretaries helped the scientist and the actors .	Did the secretaries help the scientist ?	yes
The presidents stopped the authors and the professor .	Did the presidents stop the authors ?	yes
The tourists contacted the actors and the doctor .	Did the tourists contact the actors ?	yes
The scientists and the bankers introduced the actor .	Did the bankers introduce the actor ?	yes
The students saw the doctor and the artist .	Did the students see the doctor ?	yes
The banker thanked the professors and the presidents .	Did the banker thank the professors ?	yes
The athletes and the president danced .	Did the president dance ?	yes
The judges encouraged the bankers and the artist .	Did the judges encourage the bankers ?	yes
The president supported the lawyer and the managers .	Did the president support the lawyer ?	yes
The judges admired the doctors and the artists .	Did the judges admire the doctors ?	yes
The students and the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	yes
The athlete and the scientists recognized the banker .	Did the scientists recognize the banker ?	yes
The doctors and the presidents avoided the lawyer .	Did the presidents avoid the lawyer ?	yes
The student thanked the presidents and the doctor .	Did the student thank the presidents ?	yes
The banker and the secretary contacted the tourists .	Did the secretary contact the tourists ?	yes
The secretary and the student recognized the authors .	Did the student recognize the authors ?	yes
The students and the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
The tourist and the professor contacted the presidents .	Did the professor contact the presidents ?	yes
The scientists supported the professors and the judges .	Did the scientists support the professors ?	yes
The presidents and the doctors introduced the banker .	Did the doctors introduce the banker ?	yes
The banker and the judge mentioned the student .	Did the judge mention the student ?	yes
The professor and the lawyer advised the doctors .	Did the lawyer advise the doctors ?	yes
The secretary and the athletes mentioned the actors .	Did the athletes mention the actors ?	yes
The judges and the doctor mentioned the artists .	Did the doctor mention the artists ?	yes
The doctor and the lawyers arrived .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
The doctors and the tourists encouraged the author .	Did the tourists encourage the author ?	yes
The senators and the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	yes
The doctor believed the tourists and the senators .	Did the doctor believe the tourists ?	yes
The banker and the student advised the judges .	Did the student advise the judges ?	yes
The doctors supported the presidents and the actors .	Did the doctors support the presidents ?	yes
The students saw the professor and the bankers .	Did the students see the professor ?	yes
The senator admired the banker and the athlete .	Did the senator admire the banker ?	yes
The presidents saw the bankers and the lawyer .	Did the presidents see the bankers ?	yes
The professor thanked the presidents and the doctor .	Did the professor thank the presidents ?	yes
The senator and the judge slept .	Did the judge sleep ?	yes
The judges and the lawyers admired the tourists .	Did the lawyers admire the tourists ?	yes
The judges thanked the doctors and the tourist .	Did the judges thank the doctors ?	yes
The judges supported the professor and the secretaries .	Did the judges support the professor ?	yes
The secretaries and the bankers thanked the actor .	Did the bankers thank the actor ?	yes
The authors mentioned the senators and the scientists .	Did the authors mention the senators ?	yes
The author and the tourists mentioned the senator .	Did the tourists mention the senator ?	yes
The judges and the bankers called the athlete .	Did the bankers call the athlete ?	yes
The scientists and the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	yes
The lawyers and the doctors believed the scientists .	Did the doctors believe the scientists ?	yes
The senator and the professors thanked the presidents .	Did the professors thank the presidents ?	yes
The senator and the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	yes
The author advised the bankers and the judge .	Did the author advise the bankers ?	yes
The scientist and the student waited .	Did the student wait ?	yes
The tourists and the judge helped the senator .	Did the judge help the senator ?	yes
The actors recognized the scientist and the tourists .	Did the actors recognize the scientist ?	yes
The doctor and the tourist called the author .	Did the tourist call the author ?	yes
The author and the president recognized the senators .	Did the president recognize the senators ?	yes
The bankers and the scientist encouraged the lawyers .	Did the scientist encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The president advised the athletes and the lawyer .	Did the president advise the athletes ?	yes
The scientist and the president avoided the lawyers .	Did the president avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The professor and the students saw the tourists .	Did the students see the tourists ?	yes
The artists and the manager arrived .	Did the manager arrive ?	yes
The actors advised the bankers and the president .	Did the actors advise the bankers ?	yes
The secretaries and the tourist helped the students .	Did the tourist help the students ?	yes
The doctors and the tourists slept .	Did the tourists sleep ?	yes
The banker and the athletes performed .	Did the athletes perform ?	yes
The banker and the secretaries slept .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	yes
The managers and the judges recommended the president .	Did the judges recommend the president ?	yes
The professors and the authors stopped the president .	Did the authors stop the president ?	yes
The scientists and the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	yes
The president stopped the athlete and the judges .	Did the president stop the athlete ?	yes
The lawyer and the actors recommended the secretary .	Did the actors recommend the secretary ?	yes
The student contacted the professor and the doctor .	Did the student contact the professor ?	yes
The doctor and the professor arrived .	Did the professor arrive ?	yes
The banker introduced the presidents and the student .	Did the banker introduce the presidents ?	yes
The secretary and the athlete supported the banker .	Did the athlete support the banker ?	yes
The tourist and the senator supported the judges .	Did the senator support the judges ?	yes
The judge and the banker danced .	Did the banker dance ?	yes
The banker called the doctors and the authors .	Did the banker call the doctors ?	yes
The professor stopped the actor and the lawyer .	Did the professor stop the actor ?	yes
The judges and the artists shouted .	Did the artists shout ?	yes
The judge supported the tourists and the students .	Did the judge support the tourists ?	yes
The presidents and the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
The secretary and the students mentioned the lawyer .	Did the students mention the lawyer ?	yes
The senator and the bankers called the judges .	Did the bankers call the judges ?	yes
The doctors called the senators and the professor .	Did the doctors call the senators ?	yes
The scientist and the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	yes
The scientist and the student recommended the authors .	Did the student recommend the authors ?	yes
The scientists and the presidents helped the artists .	Did the presidents help the artists ?	yes
The doctors and the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	yes
The banker helped the president and the artists .	Did the banker help the president ?	yes
The banker and the managers thanked the scientist .	Did the managers thank the scientist ?	yes
The presidents saw the lawyers and the artists .	Did the presidents see the lawyers ?	yes
The scientist admired the students and the judges .	Did the scientist admire the students ?	yes
The presidents and the students contacted the secretaries .	Did the students contact the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyer and the managers introduced the president .	Did the managers introduce the president ?	yes
The bankers and the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	yes
The actors admired the senators and the bankers .	Did the actors admire the senators ?	yes
The scientists and the presidents contacted the bankers .	Did the presidents contact the bankers ?	yes
The secretaries and the doctors advised the student .	Did the doctors advise the student ?	yes
The presidents and the athlete thanked the tourist .	Did the athlete thank the tourist ?	yes
The presidents avoided the lawyers and the actors .	Did the presidents avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The secretary helped the banker and the judge .	Did the secretary help the banker ?	yes
The actor and the doctor advised the judge .	Did the doctor advise the judge ?	yes
The scientists and the president believed the authors .	Did the president believe the authors ?	yes
The presidents and the banker stopped the author .	Did the banker stop the author ?	yes
The authors and the professor avoided the secretary .	Did the professor avoid the secretary ?	yes
The athlete admired the authors and the doctor .	Did the athlete admire the authors ?	yes
The artist called the tourists and the author .	Did the artist call the tourists ?	yes
The tourists recognized the student and the scientists .	Did the tourists recognize the student ?	yes
The judge introduced the senator and the student .	Did the judge introduce the senator ?	yes
The senators and the students performed .	Did the students perform ?	yes
The manager avoided the banker and the athletes .	Did the manager avoid the banker ?	yes
The doctor and the senators encouraged the presidents .	Did the senators encourage the presidents ?	yes
The lawyer and the scientist saw the athlete .	Did the scientist see the athlete ?	yes
The secretary and the professors supported the actors .	Did the professors support the actors ?	yes
The manager and the actor introduced the professor .	Did the actor introduce the professor ?	yes
The presidents helped the doctor and the artists .	Did the presidents help the doctor ?	yes
The students and the secretary avoided the professor .	Did the secretary avoid the professor ?	yes
The lawyer recognized the scientists and the judges .	Did the lawyer recognize the scientists ?	yes
The student believed the doctors and the banker .	Did the student believe the doctors ?	yes
The artists introduced the managers and the senators .	Did the artists introduce the managers ?	yes
The authors stopped the lawyer and the secretaries .	Did the authors stop the lawyer ?	yes
The professor believed the secretaries and the presidents .	Did the professor believe the secretaries ?	yes
The actors and the bankers helped the senator .	Did the bankers help the senator ?	yes
The authors saw the professors and the students .	Did the authors see the professors ?	yes
The lawyer and the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	yes
The secretaries helped the athlete and the student .	Did the secretaries help the athlete ?	yes
The actor and the manager advised the senators .	Did the manager advise the senators ?	yes
The athletes recommended the judge and the scientists .	Did the athletes recommend the judge ?	yes
The bankers advised the senator and the athletes .	Did the bankers advise the senator ?	yes
The professors and the doctors thanked the manager .	Did the doctors thank the manager ?	yes
The president helped the managers and the professor .	Did the president help the managers ?	yes
The lawyer contacted the senators and the author .	Did the lawyer contact the senators ?	yes
The professor and the athlete contacted the doctor .	Did the athlete contact the doctor ?	yes
The secretaries and the presidents introduced the athletes .	Did the presidents introduce the athletes ?	yes
The athlete and the senator thanked the judge .	Did the senator thank the judge ?	yes
The artists recognized the professors and the tourists .	Did the artists recognize the professors ?	yes
The managers and the scientists contacted the tourists .	Did the scientists contact the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer introduced the doctor and the actor .	Did the lawyer introduce the doctor ?	yes
The actors encouraged the presidents and the judges .	Did the actors encourage the presidents ?	yes
The senator avoided the judge and the artists .	Did the senator avoid the judge ?	yes
The bankers and the doctors helped the professor .	Did the doctors help the professor ?	yes
The bankers and the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	yes
The banker introduced the athletes and the managers .	Did the banker introduce the athletes ?	yes
The manager and the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	yes
The manager encouraged the student and the athlete .	Did the manager encourage the student ?	yes
The lawyer and the artist believed the banker .	Did the artist believe the banker ?	yes
The actor and the professor saw the athletes .	Did the professor see the athletes ?	yes
The lawyer and the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	yes
The artists and the student resigned .	Did the student resign ?	yes
The scientist believed the lawyers and the managers .	Did the scientist believe the lawyers ?	yes
The managers thanked the senator and the tourists .	Did the managers thank the senator ?	yes
The athletes and the doctor encouraged the bankers .	Did the doctor encourage the bankers ?	yes
The judges advised the tourist and the presidents .	Did the judges advise the tourist ?	yes
The managers avoided the athletes and the bankers .	Did the managers avoid the athletes ?	yes
The actors introduced the tourist and the senators .	Did the actors introduce the tourist ?	yes
The doctor and the professors called the author .	Did the professors call the author ?	yes
The doctor and the artist supported the student .	Did the artist support the student ?	yes
The actors and the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	yes
The manager and the senators encouraged the athletes .	Did the senators encourage the athletes ?	yes
The judge supported the secretaries and the managers .	Did the judge support the secretaries ?	yes
The actor called the student and the lawyers .	Did the actor call the student ?	yes
The scientist and the students advised the tourist .	Did the students advise the tourist ?	yes
The tourist and the actors helped the presidents .	Did the actors help the presidents ?	yes
The athletes helped the presidents and the senator .	Did the athletes help the presidents ?	yes
The actor stopped the professors and the secretaries .	Did the actor stop the professors ?	yes
The judge encouraged the bankers and the actor .	Did the judge encourage the bankers ?	yes
The doctor and the tourist believed the artists .	Did the tourist believe the artists ?	yes
The senators and the doctor encouraged the athletes .	Did the doctor encourage the athletes ?	yes
The senator believed the president and the managers .	Did the senator believe the president ?	yes
The authors and the president ran .	Did the president run ?	yes
The banker and the scientist arrived .	Did the scientist arrive ?	yes
The presidents and the banker stopped the senators .	Did the banker stop the senators ?	yes
The scientist and the professor believed the student .	Did the professor believe the student ?	yes
The lawyers and the managers resigned .	Did the managers resign ?	yes
The tourists stopped the actors and the doctors .	Did the tourists stop the actors ?	yes
The student helped the actors and the lawyer .	Did the student help the actors ?	yes
The scientists and the senator ran .	Did the senator run ?	yes
The authors and the students admired the actors .	Did the students admire the actors ?	yes
The actors and the judge introduced the athlete .	Did the judge introduce the athlete ?	yes
The artists and the manager stopped the judges .	Did the manager stop the judges ?	yes
The managers and the athlete slept .	Did the athlete sleep ?	yes
The actors called the senators and the manager .	Did the actors call the senators ?	yes
The actors and the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	yes
The managers and the secretaries saw the tourist .	Did the secretaries see the tourist ?	yes
The secretaries and the artist arrived .	Did the artist arrive ?	yes
The doctor and the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	yes
The secretaries and the athlete encouraged the lawyers .	Did the athlete encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The actors and the managers advised the senator .	Did the managers advise the senator ?	yes
The professor recognized the actors and the lawyer .	Did the professor recognize the actors ?	yes
The students and the manager helped the president .	Did the manager help the president ?	yes
The judge advised the senators and the doctors .	Did the judge advise the senators ?	yes
The authors encouraged the student and the professor .	Did the authors encourage the student ?	yes
The athletes encouraged the senator and the scientist .	Did the athletes encourage the senator ?	yes
The authors contacted the lawyers and the athletes .	Did the authors contact the lawyers ?	yes
The students and the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	yes
The manager helped the professors and the doctor .	Did the manager help the professors ?	yes
The secretary and the doctors introduced the artist .	Did the doctors introduce the artist ?	yes
The senator and the athlete shouted .	Did the athlete shout ?	yes
The scientist introduced the doctors and the judge .	Did the scientist introduce the doctors ?	yes
The students believed the artist and the actor .	Did the students believe the artist ?	yes
The tourists called the secretary and the artist .	Did the tourists call the secretary ?	yes
The banker and the lawyers encouraged the senators .	Did the lawyers encourage the senators ?	yes
The authors contacted the professor and the bankers .	Did the authors contact the professor ?	yes
The artist and the managers introduced the scientist .	Did the managers introduce the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer and the scientist mentioned the secretaries .	Did the scientist mention the secretaries ?	yes
The artist and the judges contacted the students .	Did the judges contact the students ?	yes
The judge and the professor resigned .	Did the professor resign ?	yes
The doctor and the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	yes
The doctors and the judges stopped the manager .	Did the judges stop the manager ?	yes
The doctor introduced the scientists and the tourists .	Did the doctor introduce the scientists ?	yes
The banker recognized the presidents and the student .	Did the banker recognize the presidents ?	yes
The bankers and the students believed the presidents .	Did the students believe the presidents ?	yes
The secretaries and the scientists stopped the doctor .	Did the scientists stop the doctor ?	yes
The author believed the lawyers and the athletes .	Did the author believe the lawyers ?	yes
The student and the secretaries encouraged the authors .	Did the secretaries encourage the authors ?	yes
The doctor and the athletes believed the president .	Did the athletes believe the president ?	yes
The doctor supported the senator and the actors .	Did the doctor support the senator ?	yes
The professors called the manager and the lawyers .	Did the professors call the manager ?	yes
The artists supported the manager and the professor .	Did the artists support the manager ?	yes
The athlete and the student slept .	Did the student sleep ?	yes
The secretary and the senator called the scientist .	Did the senator call the scientist ?	yes
The actors and the scientists introduced the athletes .	Did the scientists introduce the athletes ?	yes
The authors advised the lawyers and the students .	Did the authors advise the lawyers ?	yes
The tourists saw the judge and the professors .	Did the tourists see the judge ?	yes
The artists and the scientists helped the students .	Did the scientists help the students ?	yes
The athletes and the artist avoided the authors .	Did the artist avoid the authors ?	yes
The manager contacted the judges and the tourists .	Did the manager contact the judges ?	yes
The senator thanked the lawyers and the actor .	Did the senator thank the lawyers ?	yes
The doctor and the lawyers contacted the professors .	Did the lawyers contact the professors ?	yes
The authors recommended the tourists and the secretaries .	Did the authors recommend the tourists ?	yes
The senators and the artists arrived .	Did the artists arrive ?	yes
The author and the scientist arrived .	Did the scientist arrive ?	yes
The tourists and the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	yes
The banker and the secretary advised the senator .	Did the secretary advise the senator ?	yes
The senators called the scientists and the presidents .	Did the senators call the scientists ?	yes
The manager supported the professor and the actors .	Did the manager support the professor ?	yes
The student and the professors arrived .	Did the professors arrive ?	yes
The scientists saw the president and the artists .	Did the scientists see the president ?	yes
The secretaries and the senators called the managers .	Did the senators call the managers ?	yes
The students and the banker called the tourists .	Did the banker call the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer and the bankers shouted .	Did the bankers shout ?	yes
The secretaries and the lawyer encouraged the actors .	Did the lawyer encourage the actors ?	yes
The managers contacted the artists and the judges .	Did the managers contact the artists ?	yes
The presidents and the tourists thanked the judges .	Did the tourists thank the judges ?	yes
The senator and the authors danced .	Did the authors dance ?	yes
The lawyers recommended the banker and the senator .	Did the lawyers recommend the banker ?	yes
The secretaries and the author supported the judge .	Did the author support the judge ?	yes
The artists and the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	yes
The author supported the professor and the student .	Did the author support the professor ?	yes
The tourist and the actor recommended the scientist .	Did the actor recommend the scientist ?	yes
The athlete and the managers thanked the authors .	Did the managers thank the authors ?	yes
The doctors admired the student and the managers .	Did the doctors admire the student ?	yes
The banker and the senators danced .	Did the senators dance ?	yes
The artist and the bankers encouraged the actor .	Did the bankers encourage the actor ?	yes
The scientists and the professors saw the author .	Did the professors see the author ?	yes
The senator recommended the actor and the athletes .	Did the senator recommend the actor ?	yes
The scientists and the secretary saw the presidents .	Did the secretary see the presidents ?	yes
The actor and the author recommended the scientists .	Did the author recommend the scientists ?	yes
The doctors and the bankers ran .	Did the bankers run ?	yes
The secretary and the tourist called the authors .	Did the tourist call the authors ?	yes
The actor and the judges helped the artists .	Did the judges help the artists ?	yes
The athlete and the lawyer recommended the professors .	Did the lawyer recommend the professors ?	yes
The artists and the actor recognized the judges .	Did the actor recognize the judges ?	yes
The senator thanked the professors and the bankers .	Did the senator thank the professors ?	yes
The authors introduced the manager and the professor .	Did the authors introduce the manager ?	yes
The students and the senator waited .	Did the senator wait ?	yes
The author contacted the manager and the professors .	Did the author contact the manager ?	yes
The professor and the athlete avoided the doctor .	Did the athlete avoid the doctor ?	yes
The judges recognized the actor and the senator .	Did the judges recognize the actor ?	yes
The professor called the manager and the lawyers .	Did the professor call the manager ?	yes
The professor and the scientist admired the president .	Did the scientist admire the president ?	yes
The senator and the student believed the athletes .	Did the student believe the athletes ?	yes
The senator and the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	yes
The secretaries and the tourists believed the president .	Did the tourists believe the president ?	yes
The secretary and the athletes encouraged the judges .	Did the athletes encourage the judges ?	yes
The student and the doctors danced .	Did the doctors dance ?	yes
The secretaries avoided the bankers and the artist .	Did the secretaries avoid the bankers ?	yes
The lawyers and the doctors encouraged the athletes .	Did the doctors encourage the athletes ?	yes
The manager and the senator advised the secretary .	Did the senator advise the secretary ?	yes
The managers and the author stopped the tourist .	Did the author stop the tourist ?	yes
The athletes and the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
The doctors believed the professor and the judge .	Did the doctors believe the professor ?	yes
The author and the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
The manager and the athletes contacted the secretaries .	Did the athletes contact the secretaries ?	yes
The president and the students performed .	Did the students perform ?	yes
The athletes and the banker advised the professor .	Did the banker advise the professor ?	yes
The senator introduced the authors and the scientist .	Did the senator introduce the authors ?	yes
The student saw the president and the professor .	Did the student see the president ?	yes
The judges and the athlete slept .	Did the athlete sleep ?	yes
The managers and the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	yes
The bankers and the athlete mentioned the judge .	Did the athlete mention the judge ?	yes
The judge and the doctor saw the banker .	Did the doctor see the banker ?	yes
The doctor advised the author and the president .	Did the doctor advise the author ?	yes
The athletes and the lawyers advised the author .	Did the lawyers advise the author ?	yes
The secretary and the bankers danced .	Did the bankers dance ?	yes
The tourist contacted the secretary and the actor .	Did the tourist contact the secretary ?	yes
The banker admired the manager and the actors .	Did the banker admire the manager ?	yes
The lawyers and the authors admired the judge .	Did the authors admire the judge ?	yes
The actors stopped the senator and the judge .	Did the actors stop the senator ?	yes
The lawyers and the secretary called the doctor .	Did the secretary call the doctor ?	yes
The banker introduced the students and the author .	Did the banker introduce the students ?	yes
The professors thanked the secretary and the doctors .	Did the professors thank the secretary ?	yes
The lawyers and the scientist slept .	Did the scientist sleep ?	yes
The banker and the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	yes
The senators recommended the presidents and the author .	Did the senators recommend the presidents ?	yes
The authors and the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	yes
The doctor called the president and the senator .	Did the doctor call the president ?	yes
The tourist admired the secretaries and the professors .	Did the tourist admire the secretaries ?	yes
The secretary thanked the judge and the artist .	Did the secretary thank the judge ?	yes
The senators and the professors contacted the student .	Did the professors contact the student ?	yes
The bankers and the tourist supported the managers .	Did the tourist support the managers ?	yes
The actor helped the managers and the artist .	Did the actor help the managers ?	yes
The doctor believed the secretaries and the president .	Did the doctor believe the secretaries ?	yes
The athlete and the scientists stopped the managers .	Did the scientists stop the managers ?	yes
The athlete stopped the scientists and the manager .	Did the athlete stop the scientists ?	yes
The president and the banker believed the manager .	Did the banker believe the manager ?	yes
The bankers and the professors danced .	Did the professors dance ?	yes
The manager avoided the lawyer and the tourist .	Did the manager avoid the lawyer ?	yes
The tourists advised the student and the secretaries .	Did the tourists advise the student ?	yes
The banker and the lawyer shouted .	Did the lawyer shout ?	yes
The authors and the students resigned .	Did the students resign ?	yes
The judges and the secretary recognized the student .	Did the secretary recognize the student ?	yes
The doctors advised the tourist and the lawyers .	Did the doctors advise the tourist ?	yes
The athlete recognized the senator and the secretaries .	Did the athlete recognize the senator ?	yes
The judges and the athlete arrived .	Did the athlete arrive ?	yes
The bankers called the author and the manager .	Did the bankers call the author ?	yes
The judge and the actors contacted the bankers .	Did the actors contact the bankers ?	yes
The artists and the secretaries saw the tourists .	Did the secretaries see the tourists ?	yes
The professor and the authors stopped the lawyer .	Did the authors stop the lawyer ?	yes
The tourists mentioned the manager and the president .	Did the tourists mention the manager ?	yes
The athlete contacted the students and the senator .	Did the athlete contact the students ?	yes
The manager and the secretaries advised the tourists .	Did the secretaries advise the tourists ?	yes
The doctors and the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	yes
The scientists avoided the tourist and the secretaries .	Did the scientists avoid the tourist ?	yes
The actor and the bankers stopped the athlete .	Did the bankers stop the athlete ?	yes
The doctor recommended the actor and the senators .	Did the doctor recommend the actor ?	yes
The lawyer and the actor introduced the professor .	Did the actor introduce the professor ?	yes
The student advised the senators and the lawyer .	Did the student advise the senators ?	yes
The lawyers and the manager avoided the judge .	Did the manager avoid the judge ?	yes
The tourists and the artists mentioned the lawyer .	Did the artists mention the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyers and the presidents recognized the student .	Did the presidents recognize the student ?	yes
The lawyers and the professors believed the manager .	Did the professors believe the manager ?	yes
The professors supported the authors and the actor .	Did the professors support the authors ?	yes
The artists and the senators avoided the scientists .	Did the senators avoid the scientists ?	yes
The scientists and the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	yes
The lawyers and the secretary slept .	Did the secretary sleep ?	yes
The artist and the scientists contacted the doctor .	Did the scientists contact the doctor ?	yes
The senator and the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	yes
The athletes recommended the artist and the authors .	Did the athletes recommend the artist ?	yes
The judge and the author danced .	Did the author dance ?	yes
The presidents and the doctor waited .	Did the doctor wait ?	yes
The lawyers and the banker performed .	Did the banker perform ?	yes
The artists and the secretary mentioned the lawyers .	Did the secretary mention the lawyers ?	yes
The senator and the actor called the artist .	Did the actor call the artist ?	yes
The professors and the doctor stopped the students .	Did the doctor stop the students ?	yes
The students and the bankers mentioned the actor .	Did the bankers mention the actor ?	yes
The president and the professor saw the doctors .	Did the professor see the doctors ?	yes
The actor saw the student and the senators .	Did the actor see the student ?	yes
The author and the president stopped the artist .	Did the president stop the artist ?	yes
The students and the artists encouraged the authors .	Did the artists encourage the authors ?	yes
The artists believed the professors and the scientists .	Did the artists believe the professors ?	yes
The presidents and the lawyers introduced the artists .	Did the lawyers introduce the artists ?	yes
The secretaries and the actor mentioned the judges .	Did the actor mention the judges ?	yes
The manager recommended the judge and the doctors .	Did the manager recommend the judge ?	yes
The athlete and the student admired the professor .	Did the student admire the professor ?	yes
The senator and the author advised the lawyer .	Did the author advise the lawyer ?	yes
The students and the author believed the judges .	Did the author believe the judges ?	yes
The athletes and the senator recommended the judge .	Did the senator recommend the judge ?	yes
The president and the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	yes
The presidents and the lawyers called the artist .	Did the lawyers call the artist ?	yes
The tourist and the senator contacted the managers .	Did the senator contact the managers ?	yes
The senators supported the tourist and the scientists .	Did the senators support the tourist ?	yes
The athletes avoided the tourist and the secretary .	Did the athletes avoid the tourist ?	yes
The managers and the authors contacted the student .	Did the authors contact the student ?	yes
The tourists and the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
The author contacted the actor and the artist .	Did the author contact the actor ?	yes
The bankers helped the doctor and the lawyers .	Did the bankers help the doctor ?	yes
The author and the artists helped the lawyer .	Did the artists help the lawyer ?	yes
The managers believed the bankers and the athletes .	Did the managers believe the bankers ?	yes
The student contacted the judges and the author .	Did the student contact the judges ?	yes
The scientists and the president slept .	Did the president sleep ?	yes
The student and the athletes believed the senators .	Did the athletes believe the senators ?	yes
The senator and the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	yes
The senator and the scientist introduced the judge .	Did the scientist introduce the judge ?	yes
The presidents supported the students and the secretary .	Did the presidents support the students ?	yes
The doctor and the professors encouraged the artist .	Did the professors encourage the artist ?	yes
The actor and the author admired the judge .	Did the author admire the judge ?	yes
The doctors and the scientists thanked the athletes .	Did the scientists thank the athletes ?	yes
The managers and the author saw the artists .	Did the author see the artists ?	yes
The secretaries avoided the student and the scientist .	Did the secretaries avoid the student ?	yes
The students and the athlete slept .	Did the athlete sleep ?	yes
The senator and the manager supported the president .	Did the manager support the president ?	yes
The professor recommended the secretary and the athlete .	Did the professor recommend the secretary ?	yes
The authors mentioned the actors and the artist .	Did the authors mention the actors ?	yes
The artists and the senator shouted .	Did the senator shout ?	yes
The doctors and the authors introduced the presidents .	Did the authors introduce the presidents ?	yes
The senator and the banker recognized the students .	Did the banker recognize the students ?	yes
The secretary and the professor mentioned the artist .	Did the professor mention the artist ?	yes
The judges thanked the athletes and the manager .	Did the judges thank the athletes ?	yes
The lawyers and the tourists recommended the professors .	Did the tourists recommend the professors ?	yes
The secretaries and the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	yes
The secretary and the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
The tourist and the artist arrived .	Did the artist arrive ?	yes
The lawyers and the scientists introduced the professor .	Did the scientists introduce the professor ?	yes
The doctor believed the manager and the actor .	Did the doctor believe the manager ?	yes
The secretaries and the professors admired the president .	Did the professors admire the president ?	yes
The senator and the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	yes
The student and the lawyer advised the doctors .	Did the lawyer advise the doctors ?	yes
The tourists and the athlete saw the artist .	Did the athlete see the artist ?	yes
The lawyer advised the professors and the judge .	Did the lawyer advise the professors ?	yes
The scientist recommended the athlete and the authors .	Did the scientist recommend the athlete ?	yes
The secretaries encouraged the author and the president .	Did the secretaries encourage the author ?	yes
The judges recommended the students and the banker .	Did the judges recommend the students ?	yes
The senator and the professors danced .	Did the professors dance ?	yes
The students and the doctors danced .	Did the doctors dance ?	yes
The artist and the student advised the lawyers .	Did the student advise the lawyers ?	yes
The banker and the athletes contacted the manager .	Did the athletes contact the manager ?	yes
The banker introduced the professor and the scientists .	Did the banker introduce the professor ?	yes
The artists helped the lawyers and the president .	Did the artists help the lawyers ?	yes
The tourists and the judges stopped the lawyers .	Did the judges stop the lawyers ?	yes
The managers and the secretary contacted the banker .	Did the secretary contact the banker ?	yes
The actor and the tourist avoided the presidents .	Did the tourist avoid the presidents ?	yes
The secretary called the senators and the bankers .	Did the secretary call the senators ?	yes
The managers admired the scientist and the senators .	Did the managers admire the scientist ?	yes
The tourist believed the manager and the lawyers .	Did the tourist believe the manager ?	yes
The senator and the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	yes
The student and the secretary advised the athletes .	Did the secretary advise the athletes ?	yes
The artist saw the author and the judge .	Did the artist see the author ?	yes
The professors and the banker contacted the actor .	Did the banker contact the actor ?	yes
The athlete and the scientists ran .	Did the scientists run ?	yes
The lawyer and the artists avoided the author .	Did the artists avoid the author ?	yes
The actor and the judges advised the students .	Did the judges advise the students ?	yes
The secretary and the students believed the professor .	Did the students believe the professor ?	yes
The artist and the secretaries recommended the scientist .	Did the secretaries recommend the scientist ?	yes
The bankers and the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	yes
The judges stopped the actors and the scientist .	Did the judges stop the actors ?	yes
The doctor saw the senators and the lawyers .	Did the doctor see the senators ?	yes
The senator and the managers introduced the students .	Did the managers introduce the students ?	yes
The judge admired the author and the artists .	Did the judge admire the author ?	yes
The presidents and the artists recommended the student .	Did the artists recommend the student ?	yes
The students mentioned the author and the artist .	Did the students mention the author ?	yes
The professor and the senators advised the doctor .	Did the senators advise the doctor ?	yes
The tourist and the actor helped the presidents .	Did the actor help the presidents ?	yes
The scientists believed the lawyers and the secretaries .	Did the scientists believe the lawyers ?	yes
The artist recommended the senator and the doctor .	Did the artist recommend the senator ?	yes
The students called the senator and the professor .	Did the students call the senator ?	yes
The tourist recognized the lawyer and the manager .	Did the tourist recognize the lawyer ?	yes
The professors introduced the manager and the actors .	Did the professors introduce the manager ?	yes
The authors and the actor advised the scientist .	Did the actor advise the scientist ?	yes
The presidents and the professor helped the athlete .	Did the professor help the athlete ?	yes
The senators believed the artists and the tourist .	Did the senators believe the artists ?	yes
The artists and the authors slept .	Did the authors sleep ?	yes
The student and the banker admired the scientist .	Did the banker admire the scientist ?	yes
The banker recognized the scientists and the lawyer .	Did the banker recognize the scientists ?	yes
The secretaries recognized the artist and the banker .	Did the secretaries recognize the artist ?	yes
The secretary believed the author and the artist .	Did the secretary believe the author ?	yes
The president encouraged the scientist and the banker .	Did the president encourage the scientist ?	yes
The author admired the bankers and the judges .	Did the author admire the bankers ?	yes
The lawyer and the tourist encouraged the managers .	Did the tourist encourage the managers ?	yes
The student and the actors arrived .	Did the actors arrive ?	yes
The judge saw the lawyers and the athletes .	Did the judge see the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyers and the actor believed the athlete .	Did the actor believe the athlete ?	yes
The senators admired the tourist and the lawyer .	Did the senators admire the tourist ?	yes
The student recommended the managers and the scientists .	Did the student recommend the managers ?	yes
The actor advised the judges and the secretaries .	Did the actor advise the judges ?	yes
The authors and the student avoided the president .	Did the student avoid the president ?	yes
The doctor and the students stopped the tourist .	Did the students stop the tourist ?	yes
The author and the students helped the managers .	Did the students help the managers ?	yes
The artists and the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	yes
The banker and the lawyer recognized the athletes .	Did the lawyer recognize the athletes ?	yes
The secretaries and the actors encouraged the scientist .	Did the actors encourage the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer avoided the doctor and the presidents .	Did the lawyer avoid the doctor ?	yes
The senators and the lawyers encouraged the tourists .	Did the lawyers encourage the tourists ?	yes
The manager mentioned the authors and the lawyer .	Did the manager mention the authors ?	yes
The secretaries and the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	yes
The lawyer stopped the athlete and the scientist .	Did the lawyer stop the athlete ?	yes
The lawyers and the tourist ran .	Did the tourist run ?	yes
The athlete and the actors mentioned the scientists .	Did the actors mention the scientists ?	yes
The scientist and the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	yes
The athletes and the secretary thanked the senator .	Did the secretary thank the senator ?	yes
The scientists supported the presidents and the artists .	Did the scientists support the presidents ?	yes
The managers and the athletes contacted the scientists .	Did the athletes contact the scientists ?	yes
The authors and the secretary believed the professors .	Did the secretary believe the professors ?	yes
The scientist introduced the banker and the athletes .	Did the scientist introduce the banker ?	yes
The author advised the secretaries and the bankers .	Did the author advise the secretaries ?	yes
The doctors recommended the senators and the judge .	Did the doctors recommend the senators ?	yes
The lawyer and the professors supported the actor .	Did the professors support the actor ?	yes
The bankers supported the managers and the student .	Did the bankers support the managers ?	yes
The president and the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	yes
The authors believed the athletes and the student .	Did the authors believe the athletes ?	yes
The scientist and the presidents recommended the doctors .	Did the presidents recommend the doctors ?	yes
The judges and the managers resigned .	Did the managers resign ?	yes
The actor recommended the senator and the judge .	Did the actor recommend the senator ?	yes
The lawyer recommended the artists and the actors .	Did the lawyer recommend the artists ?	yes
The athletes and the judges advised the bankers .	Did the judges advise the bankers ?	yes
The lawyer and the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	yes
The president called the lawyers and the artists .	Did the president call the lawyers ?	yes
The tourist called the students and the professor .	Did the tourist call the students ?	yes
The judge stopped the actors and the lawyer .	Did the judge stop the actors ?	yes
The professors and the tourist avoided the president .	Did the tourist avoid the president ?	yes
The senator and the doctors helped the students .	Did the doctors help the students ?	yes
The doctors and the students recognized the authors .	Did the students recognize the authors ?	yes
The senators and the athlete waited .	Did the athlete wait ?	yes
The scientist and the senator called the banker .	Did the senator call the banker ?	yes
The senators recognized the lawyer and the presidents .	Did the senators recognize the lawyer ?	yes
The banker mentioned the scientist and the athlete .	Did the banker mention the scientist ?	yes
The judges and the managers waited .	Did the managers wait ?	yes
The athlete and the judge avoided the professors .	Did the judge avoid the professors ?	yes
The scientist and the tourists saw the professors .	Did the tourists see the professors ?	yes
The author and the tourist recognized the doctors .	Did the tourist recognize the doctors ?	yes
Important students introduced the judges .	Did students introduce the judges ?	yes
Helpful judges saw the athletes .	Did judges see the athletes ?	yes
Helpful professors slept .	Did professors sleep ?	yes
Popular secretaries thanked the actor .	Did secretaries thank the actor ?	yes
Happy authors advised the artists .	Did authors advise the artists ?	yes
Famous students avoided the presidents .	Did students avoid the presidents ?	yes
Serious artists recognized the judges .	Did artists recognize the judges ?	yes
Helpful actors helped the manager .	Did actors help the manager ?	yes
Helpful athletes arrived .	Did athletes arrive ?	yes
Happy students arrived .	Did students arrive ?	yes
Popular senators encouraged the bankers .	Did senators encourage the bankers ?	yes
Helpful artists encouraged the authors .	Did artists encourage the authors ?	yes
Angry presidents performed .	Did presidents perform ?	yes
Famous senators advised the artists .	Did senators advise the artists ?	yes
Happy authors mentioned the athletes .	Did authors mention the athletes ?	yes
Helpful authors slept .	Did authors sleep ?	yes
Serious bankers performed .	Did bankers perform ?	yes
Happy managers waited .	Did managers wait ?	yes
Famous secretaries slept .	Did secretaries sleep ?	yes
Serious professors admired the secretary .	Did professors admire the secretary ?	yes
Angry professors admired the tourists .	Did professors admire the tourists ?	yes
Famous authors encouraged the scientist .	Did authors encourage the scientist ?	yes
Popular students called the scientist .	Did students call the scientist ?	yes
Angry scientists performed .	Did scientists perform ?	yes
Important lawyers thanked the professors .	Did lawyers thank the professors ?	yes
Happy managers advised the bankers .	Did managers advise the bankers ?	yes
Important doctors recognized the actor .	Did doctors recognize the actor ?	yes
Happy professors arrived .	Did professors arrive ?	yes
Serious bankers admired the artists .	Did bankers admire the artists ?	yes
Helpful presidents performed .	Did presidents perform ?	yes
Angry artists introduced the secretary .	Did artists introduce the secretary ?	yes
Young students avoided the lawyers .	Did students avoid the lawyers ?	yes
Angry students waited .	Did students wait ?	yes
Serious students ran .	Did students run ?	yes
Young actors slept .	Did actors sleep ?	yes
Famous actors introduced the tourist .	Did actors introduce the tourist ?	yes
Important lawyers shouted .	Did lawyers shout ?	yes
Famous artists waited .	Did artists wait ?	yes
Popular bankers advised the student .	Did bankers advise the student ?	yes
Angry scientists thanked the lawyers .	Did scientists thank the lawyers ?	yes
Important presidents contacted the professor .	Did presidents contact the professor ?	yes
Famous artists introduced the doctors .	Did artists introduce the doctors ?	yes
Young actors danced .	Did actors dance ?	yes
Happy athletes helped the author .	Did athletes help the author ?	yes
Happy bankers believed the athlete .	Did bankers believe the athlete ?	yes
Important scientists recommended the manager .	Did scientists recommend the manager ?	yes
Important students recognized the authors .	Did students recognize the authors ?	yes
Helpful students admired the lawyer .	Did students admire the lawyer ?	yes
Popular scientists slept .	Did scientists sleep ?	yes
Famous judges admired the professors .	Did judges admire the professors ?	yes
Helpful secretaries slept .	Did secretaries sleep ?	yes
Helpful authors admired the artist .	Did authors admire the artist ?	yes
Angry senators danced .	Did senators dance ?	yes
Angry bankers believed the actors .	Did bankers believe the actors ?	yes
Popular athletes waited .	Did athletes wait ?	yes
Young students ran .	Did students run ?	yes
Helpful students introduced the manager .	Did students introduce the manager ?	yes
Young professors supported the actor .	Did professors support the actor ?	yes
Important students encouraged the banker .	Did students encourage the banker ?	yes
Young managers performed .	Did managers perform ?	yes
Famous actors called the lawyer .	Did actors call the lawyer ?	yes
Happy authors waited .	Did authors wait ?	yes
Helpful senators called the professor .	Did senators call the professor ?	yes
Important actors avoided the banker .	Did actors avoid the banker ?	yes
Famous lawyers recommended the secretary .	Did lawyers recommend the secretary ?	yes
Young bankers believed the lawyers .	Did bankers believe the lawyers ?	yes
Happy senators admired the lawyers .	Did senators admire the lawyers ?	yes
Famous tourists slept .	Did tourists sleep ?	yes
Angry authors saw the artists .	Did authors see the artists ?	yes
Popular managers danced .	Did managers dance ?	yes
Important lawyers encouraged the senators .	Did lawyers encourage the senators ?	yes
Popular authors resigned .	Did authors resign ?	yes
Popular students recommended the athletes .	Did students recommend the athletes ?	yes
Young presidents waited .	Did presidents wait ?	yes
Important bankers ran .	Did bankers run ?	yes
Serious athletes contacted the authors .	Did athletes contact the authors ?	yes
Helpful managers shouted .	Did managers shout ?	yes
Angry authors recommended the athlete .	Did authors recommend the athlete ?	yes
Popular authors stopped the presidents .	Did authors stop the presidents ?	yes
Happy managers mentioned the professors .	Did managers mention the professors ?	yes
Young secretaries recognized the tourist .	Did secretaries recognize the tourist ?	yes
Angry authors ran .	Did authors run ?	yes
Helpful doctors ran .	Did doctors run ?	yes
Helpful tourists danced .	Did tourists dance ?	yes
Helpful artists advised the scientist .	Did artists advise the scientist ?	yes
Helpful actors admired the student .	Did actors admire the student ?	yes
Popular tourists recognized the athlete .	Did tourists recognize the athlete ?	yes
Famous authors thanked the presidents .	Did authors thank the presidents ?	yes
Helpful authors called the senators .	Did authors call the senators ?	yes
Important athletes saw the president .	Did athletes see the president ?	yes
Serious tourists admired the judge .	Did tourists admire the judge ?	yes
Helpful athletes recognized the secretary .	Did athletes recognize the secretary ?	yes
Important doctors introduced the actors .	Did doctors introduce the actors ?	yes
Young lawyers believed the secretary .	Did lawyers believe the secretary ?	yes
Popular artists ran .	Did artists run ?	yes
Angry students introduced the tourists .	Did students introduce the tourists ?	yes
Serious bankers recognized the students .	Did bankers recognize the students ?	yes
Helpful senators waited .	Did senators wait ?	yes
Popular managers performed .	Did managers perform ?	yes
Helpful authors waited .	Did authors wait ?	yes
Young secretaries called the authors .	Did secretaries call the authors ?	yes
Serious artists ran .	Did artists run ?	yes
Happy scientists thanked the author .	Did scientists thank the author ?	yes
Popular managers called the senators .	Did managers call the senators ?	yes
Important professors recognized the actor .	Did professors recognize the actor ?	yes
Famous professors advised the banker .	Did professors advise the banker ?	yes
Angry authors recognized the president .	Did authors recognize the president ?	yes
Popular students recommended the presidents .	Did students recommend the presidents ?	yes
Helpful managers advised the student .	Did managers advise the student ?	yes
Young actors avoided the professor .	Did actors avoid the professor ?	yes
Young scientists avoided the author .	Did scientists avoid the author ?	yes
Serious students thanked the author .	Did students thank the author ?	yes
Popular bankers encouraged the students .	Did bankers encourage the students ?	yes
Serious lawyers slept .	Did lawyers sleep ?	yes
Angry artists recommended the scientist .	Did artists recommend the scientist ?	yes
Young judges shouted .	Did judges shout ?	yes
Angry students ran .	Did students run ?	yes
Young managers saw the authors .	Did managers see the authors ?	yes
Angry authors helped the senators .	Did authors help the senators ?	yes
Happy bankers waited .	Did bankers wait ?	yes
Serious professors recommended the artist .	Did professors recommend the artist ?	yes
Important tourists supported the authors .	Did tourists support the authors ?	yes
Young bankers stopped the tourist .	Did bankers stop the tourist ?	yes
Popular lawyers encouraged the athletes .	Did lawyers encourage the athletes ?	yes
Popular doctors supported the artist .	Did doctors support the artist ?	yes
Angry tourists performed .	Did tourists perform ?	yes
Angry artists recognized the student .	Did artists recognize the student ?	yes
Helpful scientists advised the student .	Did scientists advise the student ?	yes
Angry authors recognized the scientist .	Did authors recognize the scientist ?	yes
Happy students shouted .	Did students shout ?	yes
Young bankers advised the secretary .	Did bankers advise the secretary ?	yes
Angry lawyers stopped the judges .	Did lawyers stop the judges ?	yes
Popular tourists believed the athlete .	Did tourists believe the athlete ?	yes
Important lawyers slept .	Did lawyers sleep ?	yes
Important bankers contacted the senator .	Did bankers contact the senator ?	yes
Important presidents stopped the professor .	Did presidents stop the professor ?	yes
Young judges advised the doctor .	Did judges advise the doctor ?	yes
Popular actors supported the manager .	Did actors support the manager ?	yes
Important tourists performed .	Did tourists perform ?	yes
Important bankers thanked the actor .	Did bankers thank the actor ?	yes
Serious managers contacted the lawyer .	Did managers contact the lawyer ?	yes
Famous managers performed .	Did managers perform ?	yes
Young doctors contacted the judges .	Did doctors contact the judges ?	yes
Important secretaries saw the judges .	Did secretaries see the judges ?	yes
Serious judges avoided the author .	Did judges avoid the author ?	yes
Popular doctors recognized the scientist .	Did doctors recognize the scientist ?	yes
Popular professors introduced the doctors .	Did professors introduce the doctors ?	yes
Famous secretaries admired the artists .	Did secretaries admire the artists ?	yes
Important actors recommended the authors .	Did actors recommend the authors ?	yes
Young senators mentioned the students .	Did senators mention the students ?	yes
Important artists shouted .	Did artists shout ?	yes
Young scientists recognized the senators .	Did scientists recognize the senators ?	yes
Serious secretaries mentioned the senator .	Did secretaries mention the senator ?	yes
Serious professors admired the author .	Did professors admire the author ?	yes
Famous professors recommended the judge .	Did professors recommend the judge ?	yes
Young artists admired the tourist .	Did artists admire the tourist ?	yes
Happy actors resigned .	Did actors resign ?	yes
Famous judges recommended the artist .	Did judges recommend the artist ?	yes
Popular bankers recommended the authors .	Did bankers recommend the authors ?	yes
Popular senators arrived .	Did senators arrive ?	yes
Popular students performed .	Did students perform ?	yes
Popular judges advised the scientist .	Did judges advise the scientist ?	yes
Important students believed the scientists .	Did students believe the scientists ?	yes
Important tourists believed the lawyers .	Did tourists believe the lawyers ?	yes
Helpful scientists supported the presidents .	Did scientists support the presidents ?	yes
Angry secretaries danced .	Did secretaries dance ?	yes
Serious artists thanked the lawyer .	Did artists thank the lawyer ?	yes
Serious artists shouted .	Did artists shout ?	yes
Happy authors supported the actor .	Did authors support the actor ?	yes
Important authors slept .	Did authors sleep ?	yes
Happy scientists slept .	Did scientists sleep ?	yes
Important artists ran .	Did artists run ?	yes
Famous senators waited .	Did senators wait ?	yes
Important presidents believed the secretaries .	Did presidents believe the secretaries ?	yes
Happy artists arrived .	Did artists arrive ?	yes
Happy actors recommended the president .	Did actors recommend the president ?	yes
Serious artists believed the professor .	Did artists believe the professor ?	yes
Young scientists supported the tourists .	Did scientists support the tourists ?	yes
Helpful athletes believed the secretary .	Did athletes believe the secretary ?	yes
Helpful lawyers mentioned the actor .	Did lawyers mention the actor ?	yes
Important professors called the athlete .	Did professors call the athlete ?	yes
Young presidents thanked the actors .	Did presidents thank the actors ?	yes
Happy managers resigned .	Did managers resign ?	yes
Helpful artists resigned .	Did artists resign ?	yes
Young authors helped the president .	Did authors help the president ?	yes
Young senators encouraged the actor .	Did senators encourage the actor ?	yes
Angry artists resigned .	Did artists resign ?	yes
Helpful students performed .	Did students perform ?	yes
Serious authors waited .	Did authors wait ?	yes
Serious doctors admired the artists .	Did doctors admire the artists ?	yes
Happy scientists ran .	Did scientists run ?	yes
Young tourists supported the managers .	Did tourists support the managers ?	yes
Helpful bankers contacted the scientists .	Did bankers contact the scientists ?	yes
Happy presidents avoided the professors .	Did presidents avoid the professors ?	yes
Happy secretaries stopped the manager .	Did secretaries stop the manager ?	yes
Famous students introduced the judges .	Did students introduce the judges ?	yes
Young doctors performed .	Did doctors perform ?	yes
Young lawyers recognized the bankers .	Did lawyers recognize the bankers ?	yes
Angry tourists ran .	Did tourists run ?	yes
Happy lawyers supported the scientists .	Did lawyers support the scientists ?	yes
Happy artists danced .	Did artists dance ?	yes
Important athletes contacted the secretaries .	Did athletes contact the secretaries ?	yes
Young lawyers resigned .	Did lawyers resign ?	yes
Helpful artists supported the tourists .	Did artists support the tourists ?	yes
Young tourists waited .	Did tourists wait ?	yes
Important professors slept .	Did professors sleep ?	yes
Young senators admired the doctors .	Did senators admire the doctors ?	yes
Serious professors believed the authors .	Did professors believe the authors ?	yes
Important artists helped the scientists .	Did artists help the scientists ?	yes
Popular doctors recognized the secretaries .	Did doctors recognize the secretaries ?	yes
Popular tourists stopped the banker .	Did tourists stop the banker ?	yes
Helpful actors recognized the students .	Did actors recognize the students ?	yes
Happy senators encouraged the student .	Did senators encourage the student ?	yes
Famous authors contacted the scientist .	Did authors contact the scientist ?	yes
Happy students believed the banker .	Did students believe the banker ?	yes
Famous scientists recognized the secretary .	Did scientists recognize the secretary ?	yes
Famous secretaries resigned .	Did secretaries resign ?	yes
Popular bankers shouted .	Did bankers shout ?	yes
Popular authors slept .	Did authors sleep ?	yes
Young lawyers stopped the actors .	Did lawyers stop the actors ?	yes
Famous actors performed .	Did actors perform ?	yes
Popular tourists waited .	Did tourists wait ?	yes
Angry presidents advised the author .	Did presidents advise the author ?	yes
Popular actors helped the artist .	Did actors help the artist ?	yes
Happy actors helped the scientists .	Did actors help the scientists ?	yes
Famous secretaries avoided the artists .	Did secretaries avoid the artists ?	yes
Happy bankers ran .	Did bankers run ?	yes
Helpful bankers stopped the presidents .	Did bankers stop the presidents ?	yes
Happy scientists contacted the professors .	Did scientists contact the professors ?	yes
Important senators arrived .	Did senators arrive ?	yes
Angry professors waited .	Did professors wait ?	yes
Important managers avoided the senator .	Did managers avoid the senator ?	yes
Helpful artists saw the actor .	Did artists see the actor ?	yes
Serious artists believed the senators .	Did artists believe the senators ?	yes
Young doctors recommended the lawyers .	Did doctors recommend the lawyers ?	yes
Serious tourists advised the professors .	Did tourists advise the professors ?	yes
Helpful scientists danced .	Did scientists dance ?	yes
Young lawyers thanked the managers .	Did lawyers thank the managers ?	yes
Angry managers slept .	Did managers sleep ?	yes
Popular doctors recognized the lawyers .	Did doctors recognize the lawyers ?	yes
Popular senators waited .	Did senators wait ?	yes
Helpful presidents recommended the banker .	Did presidents recommend the banker ?	yes
Young students thanked the lawyers .	Did students thank the lawyers ?	yes
Young actors mentioned the judge .	Did actors mention the judge ?	yes
Famous doctors danced .	Did doctors dance ?	yes
Angry professors slept .	Did professors sleep ?	yes
Popular doctors thanked the athletes .	Did doctors thank the athletes ?	yes
Angry athletes thanked the tourist .	Did athletes thank the tourist ?	yes
Helpful managers thanked the professor .	Did managers thank the professor ?	yes
Popular lawyers contacted the actors .	Did lawyers contact the actors ?	yes
Helpful students slept .	Did students sleep ?	yes
Angry professors saw the athletes .	Did professors see the athletes ?	yes
Angry athletes shouted .	Did athletes shout ?	yes
Serious actors saw the tourist .	Did actors see the tourist ?	yes
Young tourists encouraged the athlete .	Did tourists encourage the athlete ?	yes
Angry tourists encouraged the secretaries .	Did tourists encourage the secretaries ?	yes
Important secretaries introduced the scientist .	Did secretaries introduce the scientist ?	yes
Helpful doctors danced .	Did doctors dance ?	yes
Happy secretaries resigned .	Did secretaries resign ?	yes
Young senators helped the actors .	Did senators help the actors ?	yes
Important lawyers mentioned the athlete .	Did lawyers mention the athlete ?	yes
Happy tourists resigned .	Did tourists resign ?	yes
Popular authors saw the actors .	Did authors see the actors ?	yes
Important lawyers supported the artist .	Did lawyers support the artist ?	yes
Serious judges ran .	Did judges run ?	yes
Popular senators supported the manager .	Did senators support the manager ?	yes
Happy lawyers helped the president .	Did lawyers help the president ?	yes
Angry authors supported the tourist .	Did authors support the tourist ?	yes
Helpful presidents shouted .	Did presidents shout ?	yes
Famous professors mentioned the actors .	Did professors mention the actors ?	yes
Serious students slept .	Did students sleep ?	yes
Famous judges called the senators .	Did judges call the senators ?	yes
Serious lawyers called the artists .	Did lawyers call the artists ?	yes
Serious judges stopped the banker .	Did judges stop the banker ?	yes
Angry actors thanked the bankers .	Did actors thank the bankers ?	yes
Angry doctors admired the secretary .	Did doctors admire the secretary ?	yes
Angry lawyers mentioned the professors .	Did lawyers mention the professors ?	yes
Important students performed .	Did students perform ?	yes
Popular athletes called the professors .	Did athletes call the professors ?	yes
Young students contacted the bankers .	Did students contact the bankers ?	yes
Important artists advised the scientists .	Did artists advise the scientists ?	yes
Helpful artists ran .	Did artists run ?	yes
Famous professors supported the secretary .	Did professors support the secretary ?	yes
Happy doctors waited .	Did doctors wait ?	yes
Famous senators contacted the banker .	Did senators contact the banker ?	yes
Young scientists danced .	Did scientists dance ?	yes
Angry judges admired the athletes .	Did judges admire the athletes ?	yes
Angry presidents believed the judges .	Did presidents believe the judges ?	yes
Famous secretaries stopped the lawyer .	Did secretaries stop the lawyer ?	yes
Happy secretaries supported the manager .	Did secretaries support the manager ?	yes
Popular senators believed the tourists .	Did senators believe the tourists ?	yes
Helpful presidents recommended the professors .	Did presidents recommend the professors ?	yes
Angry actors recommended the professors .	Did actors recommend the professors ?	yes
Popular tourists called the banker .	Did tourists call the banker ?	yes
Important tourists called the students .	Did tourists call the students ?	yes
Popular doctors advised the artists .	Did doctors advise the artists ?	yes
Famous lawyers recommended the athletes .	Did lawyers recommend the athletes ?	yes
Important actors admired the professor .	Did actors admire the professor ?	yes
Happy doctors supported the manager .	Did doctors support the manager ?	yes
Angry authors contacted the athlete .	Did authors contact the athlete ?	yes
Young secretaries resigned .	Did secretaries resign ?	yes
Happy lawyers stopped the student .	Did lawyers stop the student ?	yes
Young tourists introduced the artist .	Did tourists introduce the artist ?	yes
Young scientists advised the secretaries .	Did scientists advise the secretaries ?	yes
Young managers waited .	Did managers wait ?	yes
Important senators called the judges .	Did senators call the judges ?	yes
Serious athletes slept .	Did athletes sleep ?	yes
Angry secretaries introduced the senator .	Did secretaries introduce the senator ?	yes
Famous senators helped the authors .	Did senators help the authors ?	yes
Famous students helped the bankers .	Did students help the bankers ?	yes
Helpful actors contacted the authors .	Did actors contact the authors ?	yes
Helpful secretaries mentioned the managers .	Did secretaries mention the managers ?	yes
Important lawyers resigned .	Did lawyers resign ?	yes
Important lawyers introduced the tourists .	Did lawyers introduce the tourists ?	yes
Helpful bankers slept .	Did bankers sleep ?	yes
Young secretaries helped the judge .	Did secretaries help the judge ?	yes
Important athletes advised the presidents .	Did athletes advise the presidents ?	yes
Famous secretaries contacted the artists .	Did secretaries contact the artists ?	yes
Famous managers supported the senator .	Did managers support the senator ?	yes
Young judges admired the president .	Did judges admire the president ?	yes
Important artists saw the president .	Did artists see the president ?	yes
Popular tourists helped the senator .	Did tourists help the senator ?	yes
Helpful senators saw the scientist .	Did senators see the scientist ?	yes
Angry bankers helped the student .	Did bankers help the student ?	yes
Important doctors resigned .	Did doctors resign ?	yes
Serious artists believed the bankers .	Did artists believe the bankers ?	yes
Happy judges danced .	Did judges dance ?	yes
Angry secretaries mentioned the doctor .	Did secretaries mention the doctor ?	yes
Young scientists mentioned the student .	Did scientists mention the student ?	yes
Important actors recognized the bankers .	Did actors recognize the bankers ?	yes
Famous managers danced .	Did managers dance ?	yes
Important doctors believed the president .	Did doctors believe the president ?	yes
Angry presidents stopped the authors .	Did presidents stop the authors ?	yes
Angry lawyers recommended the tourist .	Did lawyers recommend the tourist ?	yes
Happy judges recognized the scientist .	Did judges recognize the scientist ?	yes
Angry secretaries arrived .	Did secretaries arrive ?	yes
Serious secretaries waited .	Did secretaries wait ?	yes
Popular managers mentioned the scientists .	Did managers mention the scientists ?	yes
Young artists performed .	Did artists perform ?	yes
Popular presidents waited .	Did presidents wait ?	yes
Young actors encouraged the artists .	Did actors encourage the artists ?	yes
Happy artists stopped the scientists .	Did artists stop the scientists ?	yes
Important lawyers performed .	Did lawyers perform ?	yes
Important judges saw the secretary .	Did judges see the secretary ?	yes
Young actors helped the doctors .	Did actors help the doctors ?	yes
Helpful authors shouted .	Did authors shout ?	yes
Popular senators ran .	Did senators run ?	yes
Famous presidents recognized the managers .	Did presidents recognize the managers ?	yes
Popular artists helped the authors .	Did artists help the authors ?	yes
Serious lawyers thanked the bankers .	Did lawyers thank the bankers ?	yes
Young senators stopped the actor .	Did senators stop the actor ?	yes
Young senators arrived .	Did senators arrive ?	yes
Helpful athletes danced .	Did athletes dance ?	yes
Young artists believed the judges .	Did artists believe the judges ?	yes
Famous bankers danced .	Did bankers dance ?	yes
Serious presidents admired the scientists .	Did presidents admire the scientists ?	yes
Serious senators advised the athletes .	Did senators advise the athletes ?	yes
Serious actors supported the artists .	Did actors support the artists ?	yes
Happy professors recommended the presidents .	Did professors recommend the presidents ?	yes
Popular judges admired the secretary .	Did judges admire the secretary ?	yes
Popular managers arrived .	Did managers arrive ?	yes
Happy lawyers helped the judges .	Did lawyers help the judges ?	yes
Important secretaries slept .	Did secretaries sleep ?	yes
Helpful actors mentioned the judge .	Did actors mention the judge ?	yes
Popular authors stopped the doctor .	Did authors stop the doctor ?	yes
Helpful lawyers avoided the student .	Did lawyers avoid the student ?	yes
Angry scientists mentioned the athlete .	Did scientists mention the athlete ?	yes
Famous students contacted the professor .	Did students contact the professor ?	yes
Famous managers resigned .	Did managers resign ?	yes
Serious bankers danced .	Did bankers dance ?	yes
Important senators performed .	Did senators perform ?	yes
Happy secretaries recommended the actors .	Did secretaries recommend the actors ?	yes
Happy managers performed .	Did managers perform ?	yes
Popular students advised the president .	Did students advise the president ?	yes
Happy presidents mentioned the doctor .	Did presidents mention the doctor ?	yes
Important lawyers recognized the student .	Did lawyers recognize the student ?	yes
Serious athletes contacted the senators .	Did athletes contact the senators ?	yes
Young managers contacted the artist .	Did managers contact the artist ?	yes
Helpful judges saw the secretary .	Did judges see the secretary ?	yes
Important judges avoided the secretaries .	Did judges avoid the secretaries ?	yes
Popular actors shouted .	Did actors shout ?	yes
Popular presidents saw the athlete .	Did presidents see the athlete ?	yes
Angry tourists thanked the artists .	Did tourists thank the artists ?	yes
Serious managers mentioned the artists .	Did managers mention the artists ?	yes
Important authors avoided the doctors .	Did authors avoid the doctors ?	yes
Angry lawyers supported the president .	Did lawyers support the president ?	yes
Serious senators mentioned the lawyer .	Did senators mention the lawyer ?	yes
Helpful judges believed the lawyer .	Did judges believe the lawyer ?	yes
Famous doctors believed the manager .	Did doctors believe the manager ?	yes
Young students danced .	Did students dance ?	yes
Famous managers saw the presidents .	Did managers see the presidents ?	yes
Serious authors admired the athletes .	Did authors admire the athletes ?	yes
Famous doctors called the students .	Did doctors call the students ?	yes
Happy judges performed .	Did judges perform ?	yes
Helpful artists supported the judges .	Did artists support the judges ?	yes
Helpful scientists recognized the lawyers .	Did scientists recognize the lawyers ?	yes
Important presidents ran .	Did presidents run ?	yes
Angry lawyers recommended the scientist .	Did lawyers recommend the scientist ?	yes
Important professors resigned .	Did professors resign ?	yes
Popular managers waited .	Did managers wait ?	yes
Angry scientists believed the president .	Did scientists believe the president ?	yes
Important judges advised the banker .	Did judges advise the banker ?	yes
Helpful judges slept .	Did judges sleep ?	yes
Important secretaries supported the students .	Did secretaries support the students ?	yes
Helpful professors avoided the tourists .	Did professors avoid the tourists ?	yes
Angry bankers encouraged the tourists .	Did bankers encourage the tourists ?	yes
Famous doctors recommended the presidents .	Did doctors recommend the presidents ?	yes
Angry actors waited .	Did actors wait ?	yes
Famous doctors stopped the lawyer .	Did doctors stop the lawyer ?	yes
Young presidents avoided the managers .	Did presidents avoid the managers ?	yes
Important authors mentioned the judges .	Did authors mention the judges ?	yes
Famous authors resigned .	Did authors resign ?	yes
Famous athletes mentioned the senators .	Did athletes mention the senators ?	yes
Helpful bankers arrived .	Did bankers arrive ?	yes
Famous authors recommended the presidents .	Did authors recommend the presidents ?	yes
Helpful tourists supported the author .	Did tourists support the author ?	yes
Helpful athletes advised the judges .	Did athletes advise the judges ?	yes
Famous doctors thanked the scientist .	Did doctors thank the scientist ?	yes
Young lawyers admired the author .	Did lawyers admire the author ?	yes
Happy managers shouted .	Did managers shout ?	yes
Famous managers waited .	Did managers wait ?	yes
Popular bankers mentioned the senators .	Did bankers mention the senators ?	yes
Popular doctors performed .	Did doctors perform ?	yes
Angry artists advised the scientists .	Did artists advise the scientists ?	yes
Famous bankers called the manager .	Did bankers call the manager ?	yes
Famous authors arrived .	Did authors arrive ?	yes
Helpful authors recommended the athlete .	Did authors recommend the athlete ?	yes
Young secretaries introduced the judges .	Did secretaries introduce the judges ?	yes
Helpful actors advised the doctor .	Did actors advise the doctor ?	yes
Happy tourists arrived .	Did tourists arrive ?	yes
Young artists stopped the tourist .	Did artists stop the tourist ?	yes
Angry senators stopped the managers .	Did senators stop the managers ?	yes
Popular professors shouted .	Did professors shout ?	yes
Young professors admired the judge .	Did professors admire the judge ?	yes
Serious athletes supported the actors .	Did athletes support the actors ?	yes
Young managers advised the athletes .	Did managers advise the athletes ?	yes
Important tourists stopped the lawyer .	Did tourists stop the lawyer ?	yes
Popular authors recognized the artist .	Did authors recognize the artist ?	yes
Important students danced .	Did students dance ?	yes
Happy lawyers slept .	Did lawyers sleep ?	yes
Helpful managers saw the actors .	Did managers see the actors ?	yes
Important doctors performed .	Did doctors perform ?	yes
Young artists encouraged the secretary .	Did artists encourage the secretary ?	yes
Important presidents mentioned the student .	Did presidents mention the student ?	yes
Popular authors believed the banker .	Did authors believe the banker ?	yes
Famous bankers helped the students .	Did bankers help the students ?	yes
Important presidents admired the secretary .	Did presidents admire the secretary ?	yes
Famous presidents advised the actor .	Did presidents advise the actor ?	yes
Popular doctors arrived .	Did doctors arrive ?	yes
Famous secretaries ran .	Did secretaries run ?	yes
Important judges believed the managers .	Did judges believe the managers ?	yes
Serious tourists resigned .	Did tourists resign ?	yes
Important professors encouraged the tourists .	Did professors encourage the tourists ?	yes
Popular managers introduced the athlete .	Did managers introduce the athlete ?	yes
Popular professors called the secretary .	Did professors call the secretary ?	yes
Important authors waited .	Did authors wait ?	yes
Important authors recognized the doctors .	Did authors recognize the doctors ?	yes
Serious doctors waited .	Did doctors wait ?	yes
Popular managers called the judge .	Did managers call the judge ?	yes
Helpful presidents recognized the authors .	Did presidents recognize the authors ?	yes
Angry senators recognized the presidents .	Did senators recognize the presidents ?	yes
Happy professors admired the managers .	Did professors admire the managers ?	yes
Important scientists advised the banker .	Did scientists advise the banker ?	yes
Happy tourists shouted .	Did tourists shout ?	yes
Angry secretaries advised the manager .	Did secretaries advise the manager ?	yes
Popular professors recognized the tourists .	Did professors recognize the tourists ?	yes
Young students performed .	Did students perform ?	yes
Important professors mentioned the scientists .	Did professors mention the scientists ?	yes
Popular authors ran .	Did authors run ?	yes
Helpful judges recognized the scientists .	Did judges recognize the scientists ?	yes
Young presidents ran .	Did presidents run ?	yes
Famous lawyers thanked the authors .	Did lawyers thank the authors ?	yes
Young doctors believed the managers .	Did doctors believe the managers ?	yes
Important artists contacted the actors .	Did artists contact the actors ?	yes
Helpful artists performed .	Did artists perform ?	yes
Popular secretaries arrived .	Did secretaries arrive ?	yes
Popular senators encouraged the artists .	Did senators encourage the artists ?	yes
Helpful doctors contacted the tourist .	Did doctors contact the tourist ?	yes
Happy senators ran .	Did senators run ?	yes
Famous tourists believed the actors .	Did tourists believe the actors ?	yes
Helpful actors ran .	Did actors run ?	yes
Popular students believed the senators .	Did students believe the senators ?	yes
Popular professors helped the secretary .	Did professors help the secretary ?	yes
Important lawyers contacted the presidents .	Did lawyers contact the presidents ?	yes
Young artists mentioned the professors .	Did artists mention the professors ?	yes
Young judges danced .	Did judges dance ?	yes
Angry senators stopped the lawyer .	Did senators stop the lawyer ?	yes
Famous lawyers performed .	Did lawyers perform ?	yes
Serious managers introduced the senators .	Did managers introduce the senators ?	yes
Helpful bankers called the authors .	Did bankers call the authors ?	yes
Popular actors resigned .	Did actors resign ?	yes
Important secretaries believed the judge .	Did secretaries believe the judge ?	yes
Happy judges called the secretaries .	Did judges call the secretaries ?	yes
Famous lawyers called the authors .	Did lawyers call the authors ?	yes
Young managers saw the banker .	Did managers see the banker ?	yes
Young presidents advised the lawyers .	Did presidents advise the lawyers ?	yes
Helpful professors believed the secretary .	Did professors believe the secretary ?	yes
Happy authors arrived .	Did authors arrive ?	yes
Young presidents thanked the tourists .	Did presidents thank the tourists ?	yes
Angry lawyers ran .	Did lawyers run ?	yes
Happy professors supported the president .	Did professors support the president ?	yes
Happy secretaries slept .	Did secretaries sleep ?	yes
Angry professors mentioned the athlete .	Did professors mention the athlete ?	yes
Important tourists stopped the athletes .	Did tourists stop the athletes ?	yes
Happy athletes arrived .	Did athletes arrive ?	yes
Angry bankers danced .	Did bankers dance ?	yes
Angry lawyers resigned .	Did lawyers resign ?	yes
Important professors shouted .	Did professors shout ?	yes
Popular doctors slept .	Did doctors sleep ?	yes
Famous artists recognized the doctors .	Did artists recognize the doctors ?	yes
Serious artists advised the presidents .	Did artists advise the presidents ?	yes
Famous managers believed the author .	Did managers believe the author ?	yes
Famous professors recommended the doctors .	Did professors recommend the doctors ?	yes
Happy athletes saw the actors .	Did athletes see the actors ?	yes
Young tourists called the secretary .	Did tourists call the secretary ?	yes
Young presidents slept .	Did presidents sleep ?	yes
Important athletes thanked the senator .	Did athletes thank the senator ?	yes
Helpful authors advised the tourists .	Did authors advise the tourists ?	yes
Important actors stopped the president .	Did actors stop the president ?	yes
Happy artists waited .	Did artists wait ?	yes
Serious lawyers ran .	Did lawyers run ?	yes
Popular artists saw the athlete .	Did artists see the athlete ?	yes
Angry managers admired the actor .	Did managers admire the actor ?	yes
Serious professors supported the secretaries .	Did professors support the secretaries ?	yes
Important doctors admired the students .	Did doctors admire the students ?	yes
Young actors stopped the professor .	Did actors stop the professor ?	yes
Helpful scientists introduced the student .	Did scientists introduce the student ?	yes
Helpful judges helped the actor .	Did judges help the actor ?	yes
Helpful lawyers admired the secretaries .	Did lawyers admire the secretaries ?	yes
Happy artists mentioned the doctor .	Did artists mention the doctor ?	yes
Important actors performed .	Did actors perform ?	yes
Happy students recommended the banker .	Did students recommend the banker ?	yes
Helpful senators shouted .	Did senators shout ?	yes
Serious bankers stopped the secretary .	Did bankers stop the secretary ?	yes
Helpful tourists encouraged the managers .	Did tourists encourage the managers ?	yes
Popular doctors danced .	Did doctors dance ?	yes
Happy lawyers introduced the bankers .	Did lawyers introduce the bankers ?	yes
Happy doctors shouted .	Did doctors shout ?	yes
Happy doctors advised the secretary .	Did doctors advise the secretary ?	yes
Popular presidents avoided the author .	Did presidents avoid the author ?	yes
Young artists ran .	Did artists run ?	yes
Angry authors called the doctors .	Did authors call the doctors ?	yes
Important tourists believed the doctor .	Did tourists believe the doctor ?	yes
Popular authors recommended the judges .	Did authors recommend the judges ?	yes
Young tourists mentioned the manager .	Did tourists mention the manager ?	yes
Famous artists encouraged the scientists .	Did artists encourage the scientists ?	yes
Popular managers recognized the doctor .	Did managers recognize the doctor ?	yes
Angry athletes resigned .	Did athletes resign ?	yes
Famous presidents saw the professors .	Did presidents see the professors ?	yes
Serious tourists introduced the artists .	Did tourists introduce the artists ?	yes
Popular managers shouted .	Did managers shout ?	yes
Angry actors introduced the doctors .	Did actors introduce the doctors ?	yes
Important lawyers contacted the professors .	Did lawyers contact the professors ?	yes
Happy secretaries shouted .	Did secretaries shout ?	yes
Young students introduced the authors .	Did students introduce the authors ?	yes
Angry bankers introduced the secretary .	Did bankers introduce the secretary ?	yes
Young professors saw the artists .	Did professors see the artists ?	yes
Popular judges supported the managers .	Did judges support the managers ?	yes
Happy judges introduced the artists .	Did judges introduce the artists ?	yes
Young secretaries introduced the athlete .	Did secretaries introduce the athlete ?	yes
Young actors shouted .	Did actors shout ?	yes
Serious judges contacted the professor .	Did judges contact the professor ?	yes
Important scientists danced .	Did scientists dance ?	yes
Young presidents called the manager .	Did presidents call the manager ?	yes
Serious professors recognized the authors .	Did professors recognize the authors ?	yes
Serious scientists stopped the authors .	Did scientists stop the authors ?	yes
Serious scientists recommended the senators .	Did scientists recommend the senators ?	yes
Famous doctors contacted the authors .	Did doctors contact the authors ?	yes
Important athletes waited .	Did athletes wait ?	yes
Happy judges called the authors .	Did judges call the authors ?	yes
Helpful actors waited .	Did actors wait ?	yes
Angry lawyers shouted .	Did lawyers shout ?	yes
Serious students saw the professor .	Did students see the professor ?	yes
Popular athletes arrived .	Did athletes arrive ?	yes
Angry secretaries contacted the president .	Did secretaries contact the president ?	yes
Angry actors recommended the student .	Did actors recommend the student ?	yes
Helpful authors helped the actor .	Did authors help the actor ?	yes
Happy bankers thanked the lawyers .	Did bankers thank the lawyers ?	yes
Happy authors believed the judges .	Did authors believe the judges ?	yes
Happy athletes contacted the author .	Did athletes contact the author ?	yes
Popular bankers helped the authors .	Did bankers help the authors ?	yes
Angry actors contacted the secretary .	Did actors contact the secretary ?	yes
Young bankers stopped the president .	Did bankers stop the president ?	yes
Helpful senators encouraged the lawyer .	Did senators encourage the lawyer ?	yes
Helpful judges stopped the president .	Did judges stop the president ?	yes
Helpful students waited .	Did students wait ?	yes
Young senators thanked the judges .	Did senators thank the judges ?	yes
Serious presidents admired the actor .	Did presidents admire the actor ?	yes
Popular senators believed the judge .	Did senators believe the judge ?	yes
Happy students introduced the judge .	Did students introduce the judge ?	yes
Serious bankers contacted the manager .	Did bankers contact the manager ?	yes
Popular authors helped the scientist .	Did authors help the scientist ?	yes
Important authors danced .	Did authors dance ?	yes
Young managers helped the professor .	Did managers help the professor ?	yes
Popular secretaries encouraged the actor .	Did secretaries encourage the actor ?	yes
Angry tourists recommended the athletes .	Did tourists recommend the athletes ?	yes
Serious presidents called the senator .	Did presidents call the senator ?	yes
Angry doctors avoided the senators .	Did doctors avoid the senators ?	yes
Famous authors danced .	Did authors dance ?	yes
Happy professors avoided the artist .	Did professors avoid the artist ?	yes
Young judges ran .	Did judges run ?	yes
Happy tourists performed .	Did tourists perform ?	yes
Famous professors stopped the artists .	Did professors stop the artists ?	yes
Happy authors thanked the tourists .	Did authors thank the tourists ?	yes
Important presidents saw the authors .	Did presidents see the authors ?	yes
Young professors waited .	Did professors wait ?	yes
Helpful students avoided the lawyers .	Did students avoid the lawyers ?	yes
Popular doctors mentioned the author .	Did doctors mention the author ?	yes
Angry presidents contacted the artists .	Did presidents contact the artists ?	yes
Popular secretaries ran .	Did secretaries run ?	yes
Important athletes shouted .	Did athletes shout ?	yes
Angry scientists ran .	Did scientists run ?	yes
Popular tourists recognized the president .	Did tourists recognize the president ?	yes
Young judges performed .	Did judges perform ?	yes
Young doctors encouraged the banker .	Did doctors encourage the banker ?	yes
Young athletes encouraged the manager .	Did athletes encourage the manager ?	yes
Angry senators stopped the students .	Did senators stop the students ?	yes
Happy students mentioned the judges .	Did students mention the judges ?	yes
Helpful athletes saw the secretary .	Did athletes see the secretary ?	yes
Popular judges supported the doctor .	Did judges support the doctor ?	yes
Important athletes supported the doctors .	Did athletes support the doctors ?	yes
Serious senators called the professor .	Did senators call the professor ?	yes
Young lawyers thanked the professors .	Did lawyers thank the professors ?	yes
Important professors danced .	Did professors dance ?	yes
Famous actors mentioned the artist .	Did actors mention the artist ?	yes
Helpful managers performed .	Did managers perform ?	yes
Serious doctors believed the manager .	Did doctors believe the manager ?	yes
Happy secretaries stopped the scientists .	Did secretaries stop the scientists ?	yes
Serious doctors avoided the artists .	Did doctors avoid the artists ?	yes
Helpful managers danced .	Did managers dance ?	yes
Important judges thanked the doctor .	Did judges thank the doctor ?	yes
Helpful secretaries shouted .	Did secretaries shout ?	yes
Famous artists recognized the student .	Did artists recognize the student ?	yes
Happy judges recommended the banker .	Did judges recommend the banker ?	yes
Serious senators resigned .	Did senators resign ?	yes
Young tourists called the student .	Did tourists call the student ?	yes
Important senators avoided the scientists .	Did senators avoid the scientists ?	yes
Happy lawyers resigned .	Did lawyers resign ?	yes
Angry managers avoided the artist .	Did managers avoid the artist ?	yes
Popular professors avoided the student .	Did professors avoid the student ?	yes
Helpful artists recognized the professor .	Did artists recognize the professor ?	yes
Serious bankers slept .	Did bankers sleep ?	yes
Famous scientists introduced the president .	Did scientists introduce the president ?	yes
Important senators mentioned the bankers .	Did senators mention the bankers ?	yes
Helpful doctors admired the tourists .	Did doctors admire the tourists ?	yes
Angry presidents contacted the judge .	Did presidents contact the judge ?	yes
Serious presidents shouted .	Did presidents shout ?	yes
Helpful authors contacted the athletes .	Did authors contact the athletes ?	yes
Angry scientists shouted .	Did scientists shout ?	yes
Popular managers slept .	Did managers sleep ?	yes
Famous managers encouraged the professor .	Did managers encourage the professor ?	yes
Helpful tourists saw the secretary .	Did tourists see the secretary ?	yes
Important students stopped the athletes .	Did students stop the athletes ?	yes
Happy lawyers helped the actor .	Did lawyers help the actor ?	yes
Happy actors recommended the professor .	Did actors recommend the professor ?	yes
Angry judges shouted .	Did judges shout ?	yes
Serious professors introduced the secretaries .	Did professors introduce the secretaries ?	yes
Famous managers advised the scientists .	Did managers advise the scientists ?	yes
Young authors saw the athlete .	Did authors see the athlete ?	yes
Popular athletes mentioned the actors .	Did athletes mention the actors ?	yes
Helpful managers waited .	Did managers wait ?	yes
Helpful students recommended the senators .	Did students recommend the senators ?	yes
Serious actors slept .	Did actors sleep ?	yes
Important athletes stopped the tourist .	Did athletes stop the tourist ?	yes
Happy professors shouted .	Did professors shout ?	yes
Serious judges encouraged the professors .	Did judges encourage the professors ?	yes
Famous presidents danced .	Did presidents dance ?	yes
Popular secretaries recommended the actor .	Did secretaries recommend the actor ?	yes
Angry tourists supported the presidents .	Did tourists support the presidents ?	yes
Famous athletes performed .	Did athletes perform ?	yes
Serious actors contacted the bankers .	Did actors contact the bankers ?	yes
Helpful presidents arrived .	Did presidents arrive ?	yes
Angry students recommended the judge .	Did students recommend the judge ?	yes
Serious lawyers recognized the author .	Did lawyers recognize the author ?	yes
Important judges advised the actor .	Did judges advise the actor ?	yes
Popular judges recognized the manager .	Did judges recognize the manager ?	yes
Angry artists contacted the manager .	Did artists contact the manager ?	yes
Happy actors ran .	Did actors run ?	yes
Angry scientists danced .	Did scientists dance ?	yes
Angry students slept .	Did students sleep ?	yes
Happy presidents performed .	Did presidents perform ?	yes
Serious athletes ran .	Did athletes run ?	yes
Helpful presidents contacted the bankers .	Did presidents contact the bankers ?	yes
Angry athletes waited .	Did athletes wait ?	yes
Serious presidents avoided the actor .	Did presidents avoid the actor ?	yes
Important bankers waited .	Did bankers wait ?	yes
Angry presidents introduced the artist .	Did presidents introduce the artist ?	yes
Serious actors mentioned the athlete .	Did actors mention the athlete ?	yes
Famous secretaries waited .	Did secretaries wait ?	yes
Popular bankers believed the lawyer .	Did bankers believe the lawyer ?	yes
Popular professors ran .	Did professors run ?	yes
Famous tourists advised the actor .	Did tourists advise the actor ?	yes
Popular lawyers saw the authors .	Did lawyers see the authors ?	yes
Famous judges waited .	Did judges wait ?	yes
Serious actors arrived .	Did actors arrive ?	yes
Serious judges saw the scientist .	Did judges see the scientist ?	yes
Important secretaries waited .	Did secretaries wait ?	yes
Young professors encouraged the author .	Did professors encourage the author ?	yes
Angry lawyers recognized the athletes .	Did lawyers recognize the athletes ?	yes
Serious artists mentioned the senator .	Did artists mention the senator ?	yes
Happy doctors resigned .	Did doctors resign ?	yes
Serious authors contacted the bankers .	Did authors contact the bankers ?	yes
Important bankers helped the judges .	Did bankers help the judges ?	yes
Young actors thanked the artist .	Did actors thank the artist ?	yes
Serious athletes introduced the secretaries .	Did athletes introduce the secretaries ?	yes
Young actors resigned .	Did actors resign ?	yes
Happy presidents saw the tourist .	Did presidents see the tourist ?	yes
Happy senators mentioned the tourist .	Did senators mention the tourist ?	yes
Angry actors performed .	Did actors perform ?	yes
Serious scientists advised the senator .	Did scientists advise the senator ?	yes
Popular artists shouted .	Did artists shout ?	yes
Popular tourists saw the students .	Did tourists see the students ?	yes
Famous professors called the students .	Did professors call the students ?	yes
Young doctors thanked the lawyers .	Did doctors thank the lawyers ?	yes
Important students ran .	Did students run ?	yes
Angry athletes saw the presidents .	Did athletes see the presidents ?	yes
Young authors avoided the judge .	Did authors avoid the judge ?	yes
Important students shouted .	Did students shout ?	yes
Angry athletes supported the judge .	Did athletes support the judge ?	yes
Popular doctors mentioned the students .	Did doctors mention the students ?	yes
Popular students encouraged the judges .	Did students encourage the judges ?	yes
Serious athletes thanked the secretaries .	Did athletes thank the secretaries ?	yes
Serious secretaries called the scientist .	Did secretaries call the scientist ?	yes
Serious athletes encouraged the lawyer .	Did athletes encourage the lawyer ?	yes
Serious bankers avoided the lawyer .	Did bankers avoid the lawyer ?	yes
Serious secretaries resigned .	Did secretaries resign ?	yes
Important athletes recognized the manager .	Did athletes recognize the manager ?	yes
Happy professors contacted the authors .	Did professors contact the authors ?	yes
Young athletes performed .	Did athletes perform ?	yes
Happy students introduced the secretary .	Did students introduce the secretary ?	yes
Helpful scientists admired the judges .	Did scientists admire the judges ?	yes
Happy secretaries stopped the students .	Did secretaries stop the students ?	yes
Famous tourists contacted the doctor .	Did tourists contact the doctor ?	yes
Serious senators helped the actor .	Did senators help the actor ?	yes
Young artists admired the professor .	Did artists admire the professor ?	yes
Famous artists helped the secretaries .	Did artists help the secretaries ?	yes
Famous secretaries saw the senator .	Did secretaries see the senator ?	yes
Important lawyers called the scientists .	Did lawyers call the scientists ?	yes
Famous senators thanked the doctor .	Did senators thank the doctor ?	yes
Happy lawyers mentioned the actors .	Did lawyers mention the actors ?	yes
Popular lawyers resigned .	Did lawyers resign ?	yes
Serious artists waited .	Did artists wait ?	yes
Happy managers recommended the athlete .	Did managers recommend the athlete ?	yes
Important athletes recommended the senator .	Did athletes recommend the senator ?	yes
Important professors mentioned the author .	Did professors mention the author ?	yes
Popular tourists ran .	Did tourists run ?	yes
Happy judges called the scientist .	Did judges call the scientist ?	yes
Important bankers recommended the president .	Did bankers recommend the president ?	yes
Serious tourists saw the professors .	Did tourists see the professors ?	yes
Popular judges resigned .	Did judges resign ?	yes
Serious managers admired the athletes .	Did managers admire the athletes ?	yes
Important artists introduced the senator .	Did artists introduce the senator ?	yes
Young doctors contacted the presidents .	Did doctors contact the presidents ?	yes
Happy secretaries called the president .	Did secretaries call the president ?	yes
Famous tourists danced .	Did tourists dance ?	yes
Angry secretaries resigned .	Did secretaries resign ?	yes
Angry tourists supported the scientists .	Did tourists support the scientists ?	yes
Helpful scientists mentioned the presidents .	Did scientists mention the presidents ?	yes
Famous tourists encouraged the manager .	Did tourists encourage the manager ?	yes
Young athletes arrived .	Did athletes arrive ?	yes
Serious artists recommended the secretaries .	Did artists recommend the secretaries ?	yes
Popular managers admired the bankers .	Did managers admire the bankers ?	yes
Young presidents contacted the scientist .	Did presidents contact the scientist ?	yes
Angry doctors encouraged the president .	Did doctors encourage the president ?	yes
Happy athletes saw the actor .	Did athletes see the actor ?	yes
Helpful scientists resigned .	Did scientists resign ?	yes
Young scientists resigned .	Did scientists resign ?	yes
Angry artists thanked the senator .	Did artists thank the senator ?	yes
Famous lawyers shouted .	Did lawyers shout ?	yes
Angry authors slept .	Did authors sleep ?	yes
Serious athletes advised the president .	Did athletes advise the president ?	yes
Young tourists slept .	Did tourists sleep ?	yes
Serious lawyers resigned .	Did lawyers resign ?	yes
Happy managers admired the lawyer .	Did managers admire the lawyer ?	yes
Important students thanked the author .	Did students thank the author ?	yes
Angry presidents resigned .	Did presidents resign ?	yes
Important actors introduced the scientist .	Did actors introduce the scientist ?	yes
Happy authors performed .	Did authors perform ?	yes
Happy professors recommended the secretaries .	Did professors recommend the secretaries ?	yes
Angry doctors contacted the bankers .	Did doctors contact the bankers ?	yes
Helpful professors arrived .	Did professors arrive ?	yes
Happy judges stopped the scientists .	Did judges stop the scientists ?	yes
Important students waited .	Did students wait ?	yes
Happy lawyers ran .	Did lawyers run ?	yes
Famous lawyers resigned .	Did lawyers resign ?	yes
Popular authors waited .	Did authors wait ?	yes
Important judges admired the student .	Did judges admire the student ?	yes
Happy tourists danced .	Did tourists dance ?	yes
Popular senators resigned .	Did senators resign ?	yes
Happy scientists believed the doctor .	Did scientists believe the doctor ?	yes
Angry professors advised the students .	Did professors advise the students ?	yes
Happy managers saw the athletes .	Did managers see the athletes ?	yes
Happy judges recognized the author .	Did judges recognize the author ?	yes
Important lawyers contacted the actors .	Did lawyers contact the actors ?	yes
Popular doctors encouraged the bankers .	Did doctors encourage the bankers ?	yes
Angry scientists recommended the secretary .	Did scientists recommend the secretary ?	yes
Young managers stopped the judge .	Did managers stop the judge ?	yes
Serious professors slept .	Did professors sleep ?	yes
Popular actors danced .	Did actors dance ?	yes
Famous bankers saw the tourist .	Did bankers see the tourist ?	yes
Helpful students mentioned the lawyers .	Did students mention the lawyers ?	yes
Happy students admired the tourist .	Did students admire the tourist ?	yes
Serious professors advised the lawyers .	Did professors advise the lawyers ?	yes
Serious doctors admired the scientists .	Did doctors admire the scientists ?	yes
Popular secretaries slept .	Did secretaries sleep ?	yes
Helpful doctors arrived .	Did doctors arrive ?	yes
Famous lawyers waited .	Did lawyers wait ?	yes
Important secretaries believed the artists .	Did secretaries believe the artists ?	yes
Happy tourists admired the secretaries .	Did tourists admire the secretaries ?	yes
Serious scientists resigned .	Did scientists resign ?	yes
Happy artists contacted the senators .	Did artists contact the senators ?	yes
Angry judges stopped the athletes .	Did judges stop the athletes ?	yes
Angry senators shouted .	Did senators shout ?	yes
Serious secretaries advised the senators .	Did secretaries advise the senators ?	yes
Famous lawyers introduced the scientist .	Did lawyers introduce the scientist ?	yes
Angry doctors avoided the athletes .	Did doctors avoid the athletes ?	yes
Helpful lawyers encouraged the athletes .	Did lawyers encourage the athletes ?	yes
Serious lawyers arrived .	Did lawyers arrive ?	yes
Famous students introduced the tourists .	Did students introduce the tourists ?	yes
Angry artists recommended the lawyers .	Did artists recommend the lawyers ?	yes
Famous students supported the lawyers .	Did students support the lawyers ?	yes
Famous bankers admired the scientist .	Did bankers admire the scientist ?	yes
Serious tourists shouted .	Did tourists shout ?	yes
Helpful professors shouted .	Did professors shout ?	yes
Important bankers arrived .	Did bankers arrive ?	yes
Angry judges mentioned the tourist .	Did judges mention the tourist ?	yes
Helpful students danced .	Did students dance ?	yes
Famous doctors avoided the actor .	Did doctors avoid the actor ?	yes
Famous students admired the banker .	Did students admire the banker ?	yes
Angry professors introduced the actors .	Did professors introduce the actors ?	yes
Happy senators mentioned the managers .	Did senators mention the managers ?	yes
Important athletes avoided the professor .	Did athletes avoid the professor ?	yes
Important tourists slept .	Did tourists sleep ?	yes
Important actors shouted .	Did actors shout ?	yes
Serious judges performed .	Did judges perform ?	yes
Young artists recommended the managers .	Did artists recommend the managers ?	yes
Important senators helped the actor .	Did senators help the actor ?	yes
Popular secretaries mentioned the presidents .	Did secretaries mention the presidents ?	yes
Famous managers stopped the bankers .	Did managers stop the bankers ?	yes
Important presidents performed .	Did presidents perform ?	yes
Young students avoided the doctors .	Did students avoid the doctors ?	yes
Happy actors helped the managers .	Did actors help the managers ?	yes
Popular judges thanked the manager .	Did judges thank the manager ?	yes
Serious professors recognized the doctors .	Did professors recognize the doctors ?	yes
Angry doctors mentioned the author .	Did doctors mention the author ?	yes
Popular students admired the secretary .	Did students admire the secretary ?	yes
Important professors waited .	Did professors wait ?	yes
Happy senators stopped the professor .	Did senators stop the professor ?	yes
Young students recognized the athletes .	Did students recognize the athletes ?	yes
Helpful secretaries thanked the professor .	Did secretaries thank the professor ?	yes
Popular judges called the artist .	Did judges call the artist ?	yes
Serious managers avoided the doctors .	Did managers avoid the doctors ?	yes
Serious judges supported the senators .	Did judges support the senators ?	yes
Popular presidents mentioned the scientists .	Did presidents mention the scientists ?	yes
Angry lawyers believed the presidents .	Did lawyers believe the presidents ?	yes
Famous students recommended the athletes .	Did students recommend the athletes ?	yes
Happy managers introduced the athletes .	Did managers introduce the athletes ?	yes
Young students recognized the doctors .	Did students recognize the doctors ?	yes
Helpful scientists supported the judge .	Did scientists support the judge ?	yes
Angry judges admired the scientists .	Did judges admire the scientists ?	yes
Serious presidents supported the actor .	Did presidents support the actor ?	yes
Popular athletes believed the author .	Did athletes believe the author ?	yes
Young managers shouted .	Did managers shout ?	yes
Happy presidents admired the judges .	Did presidents admire the judges ?	yes
Angry bankers supported the athlete .	Did bankers support the athlete ?	yes
Young tourists helped the bankers .	Did tourists help the bankers ?	yes
Important artists believed the actor .	Did artists believe the actor ?	yes
Young professors recognized the artist .	Did professors recognize the artist ?	yes
Popular authors supported the athlete .	Did authors support the athlete ?	yes
Helpful actors arrived .	Did actors arrive ?	yes
Helpful presidents supported the lawyer .	Did presidents support the lawyer ?	yes
Serious lawyers waited .	Did lawyers wait ?	yes
Important tourists ran .	Did tourists run ?	yes
Popular senators recommended the lawyers .	Did senators recommend the lawyers ?	yes
Angry doctors helped the banker .	Did doctors help the banker ?	yes
Young doctors avoided the actor .	Did doctors avoid the actor ?	yes
Young professors supported the athletes .	Did professors support the athletes ?	yes
Important bankers contacted the secretary .	Did bankers contact the secretary ?	yes
Important students arrived .	Did students arrive ?	yes
Happy students resigned .	Did students resign ?	yes
Helpful scientists admired the athlete .	Did scientists admire the athlete ?	yes
Angry secretaries admired the professor .	Did secretaries admire the professor ?	yes
Popular students saw the tourists .	Did students see the tourists ?	yes
Important athletes encouraged the students .	Did athletes encourage the students ?	yes
Serious actors believed the president .	Did actors believe the president ?	yes
Important athletes recognized the scientists .	Did athletes recognize the scientists ?	yes
Helpful artists introduced the scientists .	Did artists introduce the scientists ?	yes
Serious judges waited .	Did judges wait ?	yes
Helpful athletes ran .	Did athletes run ?	yes
Popular managers ran .	Did managers run ?	yes
Famous managers contacted the judges .	Did managers contact the judges ?	yes
Helpful artists recognized the tourists .	Did artists recognize the tourists ?	yes
Angry doctors stopped the actors .	Did doctors stop the actors ?	yes
Helpful actors danced .	Did actors dance ?	yes
Important managers introduced the judge .	Did managers introduce the judge ?	yes
Young actors recognized the president .	Did actors recognize the president ?	yes
Young senators called the tourist .	Did senators call the tourist ?	yes
Popular actors introduced the student .	Did actors introduce the student ?	yes
Helpful lawyers admired the actors .	Did lawyers admire the actors ?	yes
Important managers performed .	Did managers perform ?	yes
Important tourists waited .	Did tourists wait ?	yes
Happy authors called the president .	Did authors call the president ?	yes
Angry artists slept .	Did artists sleep ?	yes
Young authors ran .	Did authors run ?	yes
Popular judges supported the secretaries .	Did judges support the secretaries ?	yes
Young managers mentioned the bankers .	Did managers mention the bankers ?	yes
Angry bankers supported the scientist .	Did bankers support the scientist ?	yes
Young managers introduced the secretaries .	Did managers introduce the secretaries ?	yes
Serious athletes waited .	Did athletes wait ?	yes
Popular judges recognized the lawyers .	Did judges recognize the lawyers ?	yes
Young senators mentioned the author .	Did senators mention the author ?	yes
Young artists mentioned the tourists .	Did artists mention the tourists ?	yes
Serious artists recognized the tourists .	Did artists recognize the tourists ?	yes
Happy scientists contacted the senator .	Did scientists contact the senator ?	yes
Serious bankers believed the tourists .	Did bankers believe the tourists ?	yes
Serious athletes avoided the tourists .	Did athletes avoid the tourists ?	yes
Important actors recognized the athletes .	Did actors recognize the athletes ?	yes
Happy managers ran .	Did managers run ?	yes
Helpful students saw the actor .	Did students see the actor ?	yes
Angry judges called the secretaries .	Did judges call the secretaries ?	yes
Popular managers stopped the president .	Did managers stop the president ?	yes
Happy secretaries mentioned the president .	Did secretaries mention the president ?	yes
Helpful bankers introduced the author .	Did bankers introduce the author ?	yes
Important doctors helped the professor .	Did doctors help the professor ?	yes
Happy senators thanked the students .	Did senators thank the students ?	yes
Helpful tourists called the president .	Did tourists call the president ?	yes
Helpful secretaries danced .	Did secretaries dance ?	yes
Famous scientists performed .	Did scientists perform ?	yes
Angry students advised the judges .	Did students advise the judges ?	yes
Popular judges danced .	Did judges dance ?	yes
Helpful scientists thanked the actors .	Did scientists thank the actors ?	yes
Angry secretaries ran .	Did secretaries run ?	yes
Important tourists stopped the author .	Did tourists stop the author ?	yes
Famous artists called the doctors .	Did artists call the doctors ?	yes
Angry professors believed the tourists .	Did professors believe the tourists ?	yes
Young professors performed .	Did professors perform ?	yes
Famous doctors stopped the students .	Did doctors stop the students ?	yes
Famous bankers supported the tourists .	Did bankers support the tourists ?	yes
Popular artists introduced the athletes .	Did artists introduce the athletes ?	yes
Famous senators saw the tourist .	Did senators see the tourist ?	yes
Famous actors shouted .	Did actors shout ?	yes
Helpful professors recommended the presidents .	Did professors recommend the presidents ?	yes
Serious students arrived .	Did students arrive ?	yes
Famous actors danced .	Did actors dance ?	yes
Popular judges saw the doctors .	Did judges see the doctors ?	yes
Important authors shouted .	Did authors shout ?	yes
Popular students called the secretaries .	Did students call the secretaries ?	yes
Serious scientists advised the judge .	Did scientists advise the judge ?	yes
Happy managers supported the author .	Did managers support the author ?	yes
Helpful authors avoided the athletes .	Did authors avoid the athletes ?	yes
Popular bankers introduced the scientists .	Did bankers introduce the scientists ?	yes
Important professors contacted the athletes .	Did professors contact the athletes ?	yes
Famous actors avoided the banker .	Did actors avoid the banker ?	yes
Popular scientists performed .	Did scientists perform ?	yes
Happy managers recommended the tourists .	Did managers recommend the tourists ?	yes
Young doctors waited .	Did doctors wait ?	yes
Young actors performed .	Did actors perform ?	yes
Serious scientists ran .	Did scientists run ?	yes
Famous tourists waited .	Did tourists wait ?	yes
Serious professors performed .	Did professors perform ?	yes
Helpful judges saw the actor .	Did judges see the actor ?	yes
Young managers supported the artists .	Did managers support the artists ?	yes
Important students supported the athletes .	Did students support the athletes ?	yes
Popular bankers performed .	Did bankers perform ?	yes
Helpful lawyers stopped the presidents .	Did lawyers stop the presidents ?	yes
Popular scientists resigned .	Did scientists resign ?	yes
Angry authors believed the doctor .	Did authors believe the doctor ?	yes
Famous bankers waited .	Did bankers wait ?	yes
Famous senators slept .	Did senators sleep ?	yes
Popular tourists shouted .	Did tourists shout ?	yes
Famous managers stopped the secretary .	Did managers stop the secretary ?	yes
Helpful secretaries mentioned the doctors .	Did secretaries mention the doctors ?	yes
Serious secretaries danced .	Did secretaries dance ?	yes
Helpful authors admired the doctor .	Did authors admire the doctor ?	yes
Popular senators recommended the athletes .	Did senators recommend the athletes ?	yes
Happy lawyers advised the actor .	Did lawyers advise the actor ?	yes
Important tourists encouraged the scientists .	Did tourists encourage the scientists ?	yes
Helpful bankers ran .	Did bankers run ?	yes
Popular bankers waited .	Did bankers wait ?	yes
Popular authors called the professor .	Did authors call the professor ?	yes
Happy actors shouted .	Did actors shout ?	yes
Young senators encouraged the artists .	Did senators encourage the artists ?	yes
Angry senators encouraged the tourist .	Did senators encourage the tourist ?	yes
Serious scientists mentioned the president .	Did scientists mention the president ?	yes
Serious presidents supported the professor .	Did presidents support the professor ?	yes
Young managers stopped the professors .	Did managers stop the professors ?	yes
Helpful professors thanked the senators .	Did professors thank the senators ?	yes
Helpful judges admired the senators .	Did judges admire the senators ?	yes
Happy presidents ran .	Did presidents run ?	yes
Serious doctors resigned .	Did doctors resign ?	yes
Popular authors mentioned the president .	Did authors mention the president ?	yes
Angry professors thanked the president .	Did professors thank the president ?	yes
Happy doctors arrived .	Did doctors arrive ?	yes
Famous artists called the secretary .	Did artists call the secretary ?	yes
Popular presidents mentioned the athletes .	Did presidents mention the athletes ?	yes
Famous scientists called the senator .	Did scientists call the senator ?	yes
Happy actors danced .	Did actors dance ?	yes
Important athletes arrived .	Did athletes arrive ?	yes
Angry judges stopped the bankers .	Did judges stop the bankers ?	yes
Happy tourists believed the student .	Did tourists believe the student ?	yes
The presidents paid the scientists .	Did the presidents pay ?	yes
The authors ate the rice .	Did the authors eat ?	yes
The presidents wrote the poem .	Did the presidents write ?	yes
The president paid the athlete .	Did the president pay ?	yes
The president read the column .	Did the president read ?	yes
The scientists left the country .	Did the scientists leave ?	yes
The scientists read the poem .	Did the scientists read ?	yes
The doctor explored the region .	Did the doctor explore ?	yes
The author read the column .	Did the author read ?	yes
The scientists wrote the book .	Did the scientists write ?	yes
The actors won the race .	Did the actors win ?	yes
The bankers explored the country .	Did the bankers explore ?	yes
The president paid the senators .	Did the president pay ?	yes
The doctors won the race .	Did the doctors win ?	yes
The doctors explored the island .	Did the doctors explore ?	yes
The scientist wrote the novel .	Did the scientist write ?	yes
The lawyer paid the athletes .	Did the lawyer pay ?	yes
The banker read the play .	Did the banker read ?	yes
The doctor read the column .	Did the doctor read ?	yes
The judge read the story .	Did the judge read ?	yes
The bankers won the race .	Did the bankers win ?	yes
The lawyer paid the tourists .	Did the lawyer pay ?	yes
The presidents ate the salad .	Did the presidents eat ?	yes
The scientist read the book .	Did the scientist read ?	yes
The managers left the forest .	Did the managers leave ?	yes
The president left the town .	Did the president leave ?	yes
The doctors won the election .	Did the doctors win ?	yes
The athlete explored the forest .	Did the athlete explore ?	yes
The senators left the country .	Did the senators leave ?	yes
The scientist read the report .	Did the scientist read ?	yes
The judge left the neighborhood .	Did the judge leave ?	yes
The president ate the salad .	Did the president eat ?	yes
The professors read the book .	Did the professors read ?	yes
The lawyer left the town .	Did the lawyer leave ?	yes
The lawyer paid the scientists .	Did the lawyer pay ?	yes
The actors read the story .	Did the actors read ?	yes
The actor read the letter .	Did the actor read ?	yes
The doctors paid the student .	Did the doctors pay ?	yes
The doctors left the valley .	Did the doctors leave ?	yes
The managers explored the country .	Did the managers explore ?	yes
The manager wrote the column .	Did the manager write ?	yes
The scientist explored the island .	Did the scientist explore ?	yes
The tourist read the column .	Did the tourist read ?	yes
The authors explored the forest .	Did the authors explore ?	yes
The student wrote the play .	Did the student write ?	yes
The bankers left the forest .	Did the bankers leave ?	yes
The professors wrote the play .	Did the professors write ?	yes
The doctor wrote the play .	Did the doctor write ?	yes
The manager paid the scientist .	Did the manager pay ?	yes
The doctors won the battle .	Did the doctors win ?	yes
The artist won the prize .	Did the artist win ?	yes
The doctors ate the sandwich .	Did the doctors eat ?	yes
The doctor left the museum .	Did the doctor leave ?	yes
The senator left the country .	Did the senator leave ?	yes
The secretaries left the desert .	Did the secretaries leave ?	yes
The actor paid the lawyers .	Did the actor pay ?	yes
The president wrote the report .	Did the president write ?	yes
The lawyer explored the garden .	Did the lawyer explore ?	yes
The lawyers left the desert .	Did the lawyers leave ?	yes
The senators wrote the speech .	Did the senators write ?	yes
The banker ate the sandwich .	Did the banker eat ?	yes
The author ate the fruit .	Did the author eat ?	yes
The presidents won the election .	Did the presidents win ?	yes
The judge left the desert .	Did the judge leave ?	yes
The actors paid the lawyer .	Did the actors pay ?	yes
The senator left the desert .	Did the senator leave ?	yes
The bankers read the book .	Did the bankers read ?	yes
The secretaries read the story .	Did the secretaries read ?	yes
The students read the book .	Did the students read ?	yes
The judge left the region .	Did the judge leave ?	yes
The athletes won the tournament .	Did the athletes win ?	yes
The tourist wrote the book .	Did the tourist write ?	yes
The tourist left the valley .	Did the tourist leave ?	yes
The doctor explored the valley .	Did the doctor explore ?	yes
The banker won the election .	Did the banker win ?	yes
The tourists wrote the poem .	Did the tourists write ?	yes
The professors paid the artists .	Did the professors pay ?	yes
The artist left the forest .	Did the artist leave ?	yes
The tourists paid the artist .	Did the tourists pay ?	yes
The judge explored the neighborhood .	Did the judge explore ?	yes
The author ate the rice .	Did the author eat ?	yes
The lawyer won the tournament .	Did the lawyer win ?	yes
The senators paid the managers .	Did the senators pay ?	yes
The secretary ate the corn .	Did the secretary eat ?	yes
The lawyers wrote the book .	Did the lawyers write ?	yes
The lawyer wrote the report .	Did the lawyer write ?	yes
The managers ate the salad .	Did the managers eat ?	yes
The tourist paid the banker .	Did the tourist pay ?	yes
The presidents won the award .	Did the presidents win ?	yes
The students explored the town .	Did the students explore ?	yes
The judges paid the students .	Did the judges pay ?	yes
The doctors wrote the novel .	Did the doctors write ?	yes
The tourist explored the museum .	Did the tourist explore ?	yes
The students read the poem .	Did the students read ?	yes
The banker wrote the letter .	Did the banker write ?	yes
The managers ate the rice .	Did the managers eat ?	yes
The senator read the column .	Did the senator read ?	yes
The authors left the town .	Did the authors leave ?	yes
The secretary explored the desert .	Did the secretary explore ?	yes
The banker explored the town .	Did the banker explore ?	yes
The artist wrote the play .	Did the artist write ?	yes
The actor explored the desert .	Did the actor explore ?	yes
The professor paid the secretary .	Did the professor pay ?	yes
The artist read the book .	Did the artist read ?	yes
The students explored the neighborhood .	Did the students explore ?	yes
The actor ate the corn .	Did the actor eat ?	yes
The lawyer paid the artist .	Did the lawyer pay ?	yes
The professors read the story .	Did the professors read ?	yes
The secretaries left the forest .	Did the secretaries leave ?	yes
The tourist paid the artists .	Did the tourist pay ?	yes
The bankers wrote the speech .	Did the bankers write ?	yes
The doctor ate the rice .	Did the doctor eat ?	yes
The athletes left the region .	Did the athletes leave ?	yes
The athlete ate the salad .	Did the athlete eat ?	yes
The president explored the region .	Did the president explore ?	yes
The secretaries won the contest .	Did the secretaries win ?	yes
The artists wrote the play .	Did the artists write ?	yes
The judges read the column .	Did the judges read ?	yes
The presidents wrote the novel .	Did the presidents write ?	yes
The senators paid the students .	Did the senators pay ?	yes
The tourists read the report .	Did the tourists read ?	yes
The lawyer wrote the letter .	Did the lawyer write ?	yes
The banker read the report .	Did the banker read ?	yes
The tourist explored the desert .	Did the tourist explore ?	yes
The authors paid the artists .	Did the authors pay ?	yes
The bankers ate the corn .	Did the bankers eat ?	yes
The students won the race .	Did the students win ?	yes
The banker read the letter .	Did the banker read ?	yes
The student left the region .	Did the student leave ?	yes
The judges ate the broccoli .	Did the judges eat ?	yes
The scientist won the award .	Did the scientist win ?	yes
The manager wrote the speech .	Did the manager write ?	yes
The senator left the town .	Did the senator leave ?	yes
The professor read the report .	Did the professor read ?	yes
The scientist paid the lawyers .	Did the scientist pay ?	yes
The senator read the novel .	Did the senator read ?	yes
The athletes left the island .	Did the athletes leave ?	yes
The presidents wrote the book .	Did the presidents write ?	yes
The athletes explored the garden .	Did the athletes explore ?	yes
The author wrote the report .	Did the author write ?	yes
The managers left the museum .	Did the managers leave ?	yes
The doctor explored the town .	Did the doctor explore ?	yes
The bankers paid the students .	Did the bankers pay ?	yes
The presidents explored the garden .	Did the presidents explore ?	yes
The secretary ate the rice .	Did the secretary eat ?	yes
The tourist read the story .	Did the tourist read ?	yes
The student read the letter .	Did the student read ?	yes
The bankers explored the region .	Did the bankers explore ?	yes
The manager explored the forest .	Did the manager explore ?	yes
The senators wrote the report .	Did the senators write ?	yes
The lawyers ate the fruit .	Did the lawyers eat ?	yes
The doctor read the book .	Did the doctor read ?	yes
The lawyers wrote the poem .	Did the lawyers write ?	yes
The professors left the garden .	Did the professors leave ?	yes
The senators left the forest .	Did the senators leave ?	yes
The lawyer paid the professors .	Did the lawyer pay ?	yes
The author read the book .	Did the author read ?	yes
The tourist paid the president .	Did the tourist pay ?	yes
The professor paid the presidents .	Did the professor pay ?	yes
The managers paid the banker .	Did the managers pay ?	yes
The athlete wrote the speech .	Did the athlete write ?	yes
The presidents won the contest .	Did the presidents win ?	yes
The scientists explored the valley .	Did the scientists explore ?	yes
The doctor left the town .	Did the doctor leave ?	yes
The artist wrote the report .	Did the artist write ?	yes
The athletes read the poem .	Did the athletes read ?	yes
The banker wrote the novel .	Did the banker write ?	yes
The secretary wrote the book .	Did the secretary write ?	yes
The actors ate the fruit .	Did the actors eat ?	yes
The judges explored the garden .	Did the judges explore ?	yes
The tourist read the poem .	Did the tourist read ?	yes
The senators explored the museum .	Did the senators explore ?	yes
The author read the novel .	Did the author read ?	yes
The secretary read the poem .	Did the secretary read ?	yes
The professor wrote the story .	Did the professor write ?	yes
The doctors wrote the poem .	Did the doctors write ?	yes
The secretaries won the battle .	Did the secretaries win ?	yes
The lawyer won the contest .	Did the lawyer win ?	yes
The lawyers ate the ice cream .	Did the lawyers eat ?	yes
The tourist explored the region .	Did the tourist explore ?	yes
The doctors explored the museum .	Did the doctors explore ?	yes
The lawyer explored the island .	Did the lawyer explore ?	yes
The professors won the battle .	Did the professors win ?	yes
The lawyers explored the museum .	Did the lawyers explore ?	yes
The banker left the valley .	Did the banker leave ?	yes
The senator explored the country .	Did the senator explore ?	yes
The actors won the competition .	Did the actors win ?	yes
The doctor left the valley .	Did the doctor leave ?	yes
The student paid the author .	Did the student pay ?	yes
The athletes explored the region .	Did the athletes explore ?	yes
The presidents left the desert .	Did the presidents leave ?	yes
The doctor ate the fruit .	Did the doctor eat ?	yes
The lawyers ate the broccoli .	Did the lawyers eat ?	yes
The banker ate the rice .	Did the banker eat ?	yes
The lawyer explored the country .	Did the lawyer explore ?	yes
The author left the museum .	Did the author leave ?	yes
The secretaries wrote the speech .	Did the secretaries write ?	yes
The artist paid the scientist .	Did the artist pay ?	yes
The actor wrote the book .	Did the actor write ?	yes
The author explored the country .	Did the author explore ?	yes
The doctors left the town .	Did the doctors leave ?	yes
The artists wrote the speech .	Did the artists write ?	yes
The scientists wrote the column .	Did the scientists write ?	yes
The author wrote the speech .	Did the author write ?	yes
The author won the competition .	Did the author win ?	yes
The secretary explored the garden .	Did the secretary explore ?	yes
The doctor read the speech .	Did the doctor read ?	yes
The student left the garden .	Did the student leave ?	yes
The senator ate the broccoli .	Did the senator eat ?	yes
The author won the war .	Did the author win ?	yes
The judge explored the garden .	Did the judge explore ?	yes
The professor won the contest .	Did the professor win ?	yes
The doctors read the column .	Did the doctors read ?	yes
The artists paid the actors .	Did the artists pay ?	yes
The tourists read the story .	Did the tourists read ?	yes
The secretaries left the town .	Did the secretaries leave ?	yes
The senators wrote the poem .	Did the senators write ?	yes
The professors ate the fruit .	Did the professors eat ?	yes
The secretary paid the athlete .	Did the secretary pay ?	yes
The professors wrote the story .	Did the professors write ?	yes
The doctor wrote the letter .	Did the doctor write ?	yes
The doctor paid the managers .	Did the doctor pay ?	yes
The artist explored the museum .	Did the artist explore ?	yes
The athlete wrote the book .	Did the athlete write ?	yes
The author read the play .	Did the author read ?	yes
The professor won the award .	Did the professor win ?	yes
The author explored the town .	Did the author explore ?	yes
The judges read the play .	Did the judges read ?	yes
The senators explored the garden .	Did the senators explore ?	yes
The banker ate the salad .	Did the banker eat ?	yes
The author explored the region .	Did the author explore ?	yes
The secretaries wrote the story .	Did the secretaries write ?	yes
The secretary won the election .	Did the secretary win ?	yes
The scientists ate the sandwich .	Did the scientists eat ?	yes
The judges paid the senators .	Did the judges pay ?	yes
The managers paid the senator .	Did the managers pay ?	yes
The tourist explored the forest .	Did the tourist explore ?	yes
The judge wrote the poem .	Did the judge write ?	yes
The scientists won the contest .	Did the scientists win ?	yes
The senators paid the authors .	Did the senators pay ?	yes
The scientist paid the actors .	Did the scientist pay ?	yes
The managers left the town .	Did the managers leave ?	yes
The professor explored the country .	Did the professor explore ?	yes
The lawyer paid the athlete .	Did the lawyer pay ?	yes
The artists left the neighborhood .	Did the artists leave ?	yes
The tourists won the election .	Did the tourists win ?	yes
The tourists explored the region .	Did the tourists explore ?	yes
The manager paid the athletes .	Did the manager pay ?	yes
The senators left the valley .	Did the senators leave ?	yes
The banker explored the region .	Did the banker explore ?	yes
The lawyers wrote the novel .	Did the lawyers write ?	yes
The secretary explored the town .	Did the secretary explore ?	yes
The artists paid the bankers .	Did the artists pay ?	yes
The author won the tournament .	Did the author win ?	yes
The scientist left the garden .	Did the scientist leave ?	yes
The tourist paid the managers .	Did the tourist pay ?	yes
The actor left the desert .	Did the actor leave ?	yes
The author left the country .	Did the author leave ?	yes
The athlete wrote the poem .	Did the athlete write ?	yes
The scientist wrote the column .	Did the scientist write ?	yes
The actor wrote the poem .	Did the actor write ?	yes
The senators read the novel .	Did the senators read ?	yes
The doctor read the novel .	Did the doctor read ?	yes
The scientist ate the ice cream .	Did the scientist eat ?	yes
The lawyer read the report .	Did the lawyer read ?	yes
The president paid the tourists .	Did the president pay ?	yes
The secretary won the prize .	Did the secretary win ?	yes
The artist left the valley .	Did the artist leave ?	yes
The artists read the letter .	Did the artists read ?	yes
The doctors explored the valley .	Did the doctors explore ?	yes
The lawyer left the island .	Did the lawyer leave ?	yes
The president won the battle .	Did the president win ?	yes
The scientists explored the desert .	Did the scientists explore ?	yes
The senator read the play .	Did the senator read ?	yes
The senators read the play .	Did the senators read ?	yes
The judges read the report .	Did the judges read ?	yes
The scientist left the country .	Did the scientist leave ?	yes
The lawyers explored the town .	Did the lawyers explore ?	yes
The secretary read the play .	Did the secretary read ?	yes
The tourists won the prize .	Did the tourists win ?	yes
The senators left the town .	Did the senators leave ?	yes
The banker left the island .	Did the banker leave ?	yes
The tourist won the race .	Did the tourist win ?	yes
The doctors read the story .	Did the doctors read ?	yes
The bankers won the competition .	Did the bankers win ?	yes
The scientist paid the actor .	Did the scientist pay ?	yes
The tourists ate the sandwich .	Did the tourists eat ?	yes
The artist wrote the book .	Did the artist write ?	yes
The actors wrote the story .	Did the actors write ?	yes
The senators explored the town .	Did the senators explore ?	yes
The students paid the artists .	Did the students pay ?	yes
The scientists ate the rice .	Did the scientists eat ?	yes
The secretaries paid the artists .	Did the secretaries pay ?	yes
The students explored the island .	Did the students explore ?	yes
The lawyer left the garden .	Did the lawyer leave ?	yes
The authors paid the senator .	Did the authors pay ?	yes
The bankers won the battle .	Did the bankers win ?	yes
The lawyers left the town .	Did the lawyers leave ?	yes
The doctors paid the athlete .	Did the doctors pay ?	yes
The authors ate the broccoli .	Did the authors eat ?	yes
The author left the garden .	Did the author leave ?	yes
The senator paid the managers .	Did the senator pay ?	yes
The professor paid the bankers .	Did the professor pay ?	yes
The actor left the valley .	Did the actor leave ?	yes
The actor read the poem .	Did the actor read ?	yes
The actor wrote the column .	Did the actor write ?	yes
The manager paid the actors .	Did the manager pay ?	yes
The scientist ate the broccoli .	Did the scientist eat ?	yes
The actor explored the country .	Did the actor explore ?	yes
The lawyer left the desert .	Did the lawyer leave ?	yes
The secretary left the forest .	Did the secretary leave ?	yes
The actors left the island .	Did the actors leave ?	yes
The doctor wrote the speech .	Did the doctor write ?	yes
The actors paid the doctors .	Did the actors pay ?	yes
The professors wrote the report .	Did the professors write ?	yes
The tourists left the desert .	Did the tourists leave ?	yes
The managers wrote the poem .	Did the managers write ?	yes
The doctors left the forest .	Did the doctors leave ?	yes
The manager ate the rice .	Did the manager eat ?	yes
The authors paid the president .	Did the authors pay ?	yes
The lawyers explored the country .	Did the lawyers explore ?	yes
The student read the novel .	Did the student read ?	yes
The scientist wrote the report .	Did the scientist write ?	yes
The secretaries ate the salad .	Did the secretaries eat ?	yes
The president left the desert .	Did the president leave ?	yes
The actors ate the corn .	Did the actors eat ?	yes
The lawyer read the poem .	Did the lawyer read ?	yes
The lawyers read the story .	Did the lawyers read ?	yes
The doctors wrote the play .	Did the doctors write ?	yes
The student ate the corn .	Did the student eat ?	yes
The managers read the story .	Did the managers read ?	yes
The authors left the garden .	Did the authors leave ?	yes
The bankers won the contest .	Did the bankers win ?	yes
The senator left the valley .	Did the senator leave ?	yes
The athlete paid the lawyer .	Did the athlete pay ?	yes
The senator explored the island .	Did the senator explore ?	yes
The manager explored the island .	Did the manager explore ?	yes
The authors read the letter .	Did the authors read ?	yes
The tourists wrote the column .	Did the tourists write ?	yes
The judges wrote the speech .	Did the judges write ?	yes
The senator explored the valley .	Did the senator explore ?	yes
The author left the island .	Did the author leave ?	yes
The professor left the forest .	Did the professor leave ?	yes
The doctors left the country .	Did the doctors leave ?	yes
The professors won the competition .	Did the professors win ?	yes
The scientists won the prize .	Did the scientists win ?	yes
The secretary paid the actors .	Did the secretary pay ?	yes
The secretary wrote the novel .	Did the secretary write ?	yes
The presidents paid the artists .	Did the presidents pay ?	yes
The students won the battle .	Did the students win ?	yes
The athletes left the neighborhood .	Did the athletes leave ?	yes
The banker paid the judge .	Did the banker pay ?	yes
The judge ate the sandwich .	Did the judge eat ?	yes
The doctors ate the corn .	Did the doctors eat ?	yes
The judges paid the managers .	Did the judges pay ?	yes
The doctor ate the broccoli .	Did the doctor eat ?	yes
The tourists ate the corn .	Did the tourists eat ?	yes
The secretary paid the author .	Did the secretary pay ?	yes
The senator paid the athletes .	Did the senator pay ?	yes
The scientist explored the town .	Did the scientist explore ?	yes
The manager read the book .	Did the manager read ?	yes
The scientist won the election .	Did the scientist win ?	yes
The judge read the column .	Did the judge read ?	yes
The actor paid the lawyer .	Did the actor pay ?	yes
The artist left the country .	Did the artist leave ?	yes
The judge explored the desert .	Did the judge explore ?	yes
The doctors read the speech .	Did the doctors read ?	yes
The senators explored the region .	Did the senators explore ?	yes
The tourists wrote the speech .	Did the tourists write ?	yes
The professors left the region .	Did the professors leave ?	yes
The manager wrote the poem .	Did the manager write ?	yes
The athlete paid the students .	Did the athlete pay ?	yes
The banker explored the neighborhood .	Did the banker explore ?	yes
The presidents read the report .	Did the presidents read ?	yes
The bankers left the museum .	Did the bankers leave ?	yes
The professor explored the garden .	Did the professor explore ?	yes
The authors read the story .	Did the authors read ?	yes
The senators left the neighborhood .	Did the senators leave ?	yes
The secretaries wrote the poem .	Did the secretaries write ?	yes
The doctor read the report .	Did the doctor read ?	yes
The authors paid the lawyers .	Did the authors pay ?	yes
The secretary paid the artists .	Did the secretary pay ?	yes
The tourist ate the ice cream .	Did the tourist eat ?	yes
The tourists read the column .	Did the tourists read ?	yes
The banker paid the senator .	Did the banker pay ?	yes
The student read the story .	Did the student read ?	yes
The student paid the actor .	Did the student pay ?	yes
The authors left the forest .	Did the authors leave ?	yes
The secretaries left the country .	Did the secretaries leave ?	yes
The actors left the forest .	Did the actors leave ?	yes
The athletes read the play .	Did the athletes read ?	yes
The artists read the book .	Did the artists read ?	yes
The presidents ate the corn .	Did the presidents eat ?	yes
The senators read the letter .	Did the senators read ?	yes
The scientists paid the athletes .	Did the scientists pay ?	yes
The athlete left the valley .	Did the athlete leave ?	yes
The professor ate the ice cream .	Did the professor eat ?	yes
The athlete wrote the play .	Did the athlete write ?	yes
The athletes won the prize .	Did the athletes win ?	yes
The doctor paid the banker .	Did the doctor pay ?	yes
The lawyers read the poem .	Did the lawyers read ?	yes
The artist left the garden .	Did the artist leave ?	yes
The athlete explored the region .	Did the athlete explore ?	yes
The students explored the forest .	Did the students explore ?	yes
The professors read the letter .	Did the professors read ?	yes
The authors paid the scientists .	Did the authors pay ?	yes
The doctor explored the country .	Did the doctor explore ?	yes
The managers ate the ice cream .	Did the managers eat ?	yes
The doctors wrote the speech .	Did the doctors write ?	yes
The secretary paid the bankers .	Did the secretary pay ?	yes
The president left the region .	Did the president leave ?	yes
The professors left the country .	Did the professors leave ?	yes
The authors read the book .	Did the authors read ?	yes
The lawyers left the island .	Did the lawyers leave ?	yes
The manager ate the fruit .	Did the manager eat ?	yes
The secretary wrote the poem .	Did the secretary write ?	yes
The secretaries explored the town .	Did the secretaries explore ?	yes
The professor wrote the novel .	Did the professor write ?	yes
The authors left the country .	Did the authors leave ?	yes
The artists wrote the story .	Did the artists write ?	yes
The artists won the tournament .	Did the artists win ?	yes
The presidents left the region .	Did the presidents leave ?	yes
The author read the letter .	Did the author read ?	yes
The president explored the town .	Did the president explore ?	yes
The bankers wrote the book .	Did the bankers write ?	yes
The secretaries paid the students .	Did the secretaries pay ?	yes
The student won the war .	Did the student win ?	yes
The lawyers wrote the letter .	Did the lawyers write ?	yes
The author read the story .	Did the author read ?	yes
The actor paid the doctor .	Did the actor pay ?	yes
The tourists paid the professor .	Did the tourists pay ?	yes
The judges explored the neighborhood .	Did the judges explore ?	yes
The judges paid the artists .	Did the judges pay ?	yes
The lawyer wrote the play .	Did the lawyer write ?	yes
The professors ate the rice .	Did the professors eat ?	yes
The manager read the speech .	Did the manager read ?	yes
The presidents explored the town .	Did the presidents explore ?	yes
The judges wrote the novel .	Did the judges write ?	yes
The scientist left the town .	Did the scientist leave ?	yes
The tourist won the contest .	Did the tourist win ?	yes
The tourist left the museum .	Did the tourist leave ?	yes
The scientist explored the valley .	Did the scientist explore ?	yes
The actor paid the banker .	Did the actor pay ?	yes
The artist wrote the story .	Did the artist write ?	yes
The actor read the column .	Did the actor read ?	yes
The scientists wrote the report .	Did the scientists write ?	yes
The professor won the race .	Did the professor win ?	yes
The author paid the lawyer .	Did the author pay ?	yes
The artists won the race .	Did the artists win ?	yes
The tourists ate the salad .	Did the tourists eat ?	yes
The student left the country .	Did the student leave ?	yes
The senator paid the professor .	Did the senator pay ?	yes
The manager paid the author .	Did the manager pay ?	yes
The students ate the ice cream .	Did the students eat ?	yes
The manager paid the professors .	Did the manager pay ?	yes
The actor paid the managers .	Did the actor pay ?	yes
The bankers won the prize .	Did the bankers win ?	yes
The artists paid the banker .	Did the artists pay ?	yes
The bankers read the story .	Did the bankers read ?	yes
The senators paid the athletes .	Did the senators pay ?	yes
The judges wrote the play .	Did the judges write ?	yes
The manager explored the museum .	Did the manager explore ?	yes
The athletes ate the fruit .	Did the athletes eat ?	yes
The students paid the athletes .	Did the students pay ?	yes
The manager paid the athlete .	Did the manager pay ?	yes
The presidents read the poem .	Did the presidents read ?	yes
The actors read the poem .	Did the actors read ?	yes
The actors read the novel .	Did the actors read ?	yes
The bankers paid the managers .	Did the bankers pay ?	yes
The lawyer left the valley .	Did the lawyer leave ?	yes
The athletes read the letter .	Did the athletes read ?	yes
The scientist won the prize .	Did the scientist win ?	yes
The actors won the contest .	Did the actors win ?	yes
The judge explored the valley .	Did the judge explore ?	yes
The doctors left the museum .	Did the doctors leave ?	yes
The athletes won the war .	Did the athletes win ?	yes
The manager read the report .	Did the manager read ?	yes
The scientists paid the professor .	Did the scientists pay ?	yes
The doctor left the desert .	Did the doctor leave ?	yes
The actor won the competition .	Did the actor win ?	yes
The tourists wrote the report .	Did the tourists write ?	yes
The banker ate the ice cream .	Did the banker eat ?	yes
The athletes left the forest .	Did the athletes leave ?	yes
The actors explored the town .	Did the actors explore ?	yes
The student wrote the column .	Did the student write ?	yes
The artists won the competition .	Did the artists win ?	yes
The scientist wrote the book .	Did the scientist write ?	yes
The professor read the speech .	Did the professor read ?	yes
The doctors ate the broccoli .	Did the doctors eat ?	yes
The actors paid the senator .	Did the actors pay ?	yes
The lawyer wrote the novel .	Did the lawyer write ?	yes
The judge ate the ice cream .	Did the judge eat ?	yes
The professors paid the president .	Did the professors pay ?	yes
The presidents won the war .	Did the presidents win ?	yes
The students ate the sandwich .	Did the students eat ?	yes
The actors explored the forest .	Did the actors explore ?	yes
The professor paid the secretaries .	Did the professor pay ?	yes
The secretary explored the forest .	Did the secretary explore ?	yes
The senators wrote the letter .	Did the senators write ?	yes
The secretaries won the competition .	Did the secretaries win ?	yes
The secretaries explored the region .	Did the secretaries explore ?	yes
The presidents left the island .	Did the presidents leave ?	yes
The secretaries left the region .	Did the secretaries leave ?	yes
The senators paid the actor .	Did the senators pay ?	yes
The artist left the town .	Did the artist leave ?	yes
The secretary left the garden .	Did the secretary leave ?	yes
The senator paid the actors .	Did the senator pay ?	yes
The secretaries explored the valley .	Did the secretaries explore ?	yes
The secretaries ate the sandwich .	Did the secretaries eat ?	yes
The actor wrote the play .	Did the actor write ?	yes
The professors wrote the poem .	Did the professors write ?	yes
The managers paid the artists .	Did the managers pay ?	yes
The bankers left the neighborhood .	Did the bankers leave ?	yes
The doctor paid the professors .	Did the doctor pay ?	yes
The secretary paid the judges .	Did the secretary pay ?	yes
The senator explored the garden .	Did the senator explore ?	yes
The manager paid the doctor .	Did the manager pay ?	yes
The scientist read the novel .	Did the scientist read ?	yes
The scientists left the neighborhood .	Did the scientists leave ?	yes
The authors won the contest .	Did the authors win ?	yes
The actor ate the sandwich .	Did the actor eat ?	yes
The manager won the prize .	Did the manager win ?	yes
The secretaries read the book .	Did the secretaries read ?	yes
The actors ate the salad .	Did the actors eat ?	yes
The professors explored the region .	Did the professors explore ?	yes
The scientists read the story .	Did the scientists read ?	yes
The actor won the prize .	Did the actor win ?	yes
The judge explored the island .	Did the judge explore ?	yes
The professor left the town .	Did the professor leave ?	yes
The student ate the broccoli .	Did the student eat ?	yes
The presidents left the town .	Did the presidents leave ?	yes
The authors wrote the report .	Did the authors write ?	yes
The manager paid the authors .	Did the manager pay ?	yes
The scientists explored the museum .	Did the scientists explore ?	yes
The athletes paid the managers .	Did the athletes pay ?	yes
The students won the competition .	Did the students win ?	yes
The president read the book .	Did the president read ?	yes
The lawyer left the region .	Did the lawyer leave ?	yes
The senators explored the neighborhood .	Did the senators explore ?	yes
The president wrote the speech .	Did the president write ?	yes
The student ate the salad .	Did the student eat ?	yes
The lawyers ate the corn .	Did the lawyers eat ?	yes
The student paid the secretary .	Did the student pay ?	yes
The senator read the story .	Did the senator read ?	yes
The scientists explored the town .	Did the scientists explore ?	yes
The lawyers read the play .	Did the lawyers read ?	yes
The doctors paid the banker .	Did the doctors pay ?	yes
The tourists won the tournament .	Did the tourists win ?	yes
The president paid the scientists .	Did the president pay ?	yes
The student paid the doctors .	Did the student pay ?	yes
The president read the story .	Did the president read ?	yes
The authors wrote the speech .	Did the authors write ?	yes
The lawyers ate the rice .	Did the lawyers eat ?	yes
The banker explored the island .	Did the banker explore ?	yes
The student left the island .	Did the student leave ?	yes
The secretary paid the manager .	Did the secretary pay ?	yes
The students ate the fruit .	Did the students eat ?	yes
The banker paid the doctor .	Did the banker pay ?	yes
The doctors paid the artist .	Did the doctors pay ?	yes
The secretaries paid the scientist .	Did the secretaries pay ?	yes
The student explored the region .	Did the student explore ?	yes
The judge explored the museum .	Did the judge explore ?	yes
The tourists won the race .	Did the tourists win ?	yes
The actors won the tournament .	Did the actors win ?	yes
The author won the award .	Did the author win ?	yes
The bankers read the speech .	Did the bankers read ?	yes
The president read the report .	Did the president read ?	yes
The artist paid the tourist .	Did the artist pay ?	yes
The student ate the fruit .	Did the student eat ?	yes
The actors left the region .	Did the actors leave ?	yes
The tourist wrote the story .	Did the tourist write ?	yes
The senators wrote the story .	Did the senators write ?	yes
The manager paid the secretaries .	Did the manager pay ?	yes
The athlete explored the museum .	Did the athlete explore ?	yes
The professor wrote the poem .	Did the professor write ?	yes
The student paid the artist .	Did the student pay ?	yes
The manager read the novel .	Did the manager read ?	yes
The president paid the secretaries .	Did the president pay ?	yes
The lawyers won the war .	Did the lawyers win ?	yes
The doctors left the neighborhood .	Did the doctors leave ?	yes
The managers explored the neighborhood .	Did the managers explore ?	yes
The actors read the book .	Did the actors read ?	yes
The managers wrote the book .	Did the managers write ?	yes
The manager wrote the letter .	Did the manager write ?	yes
The presidents ate the sandwich .	Did the presidents eat ?	yes
The scientists won the competition .	Did the scientists win ?	yes
The bankers read the report .	Did the bankers read ?	yes
The professors wrote the novel .	Did the professors write ?	yes
The students explored the museum .	Did the students explore ?	yes
The managers wrote the play .	Did the managers write ?	yes
The managers ate the sandwich .	Did the managers eat ?	yes
The student read the book .	Did the student read ?	yes
The athlete won the prize .	Did the athlete win ?	yes
The artists won the war .	Did the artists win ?	yes
The artist ate the corn .	Did the artist eat ?	yes
The banker paid the lawyer .	Did the banker pay ?	yes
The athlete won the race .	Did the athlete win ?	yes
The authors ate the ice cream .	Did the authors eat ?	yes
The senators read the column .	Did the senators read ?	yes
The lawyer read the story .	Did the lawyer read ?	yes
The secretaries paid the senator .	Did the secretaries pay ?	yes
The lawyer paid the president .	Did the lawyer pay ?	yes
The professors wrote the letter .	Did the professors write ?	yes
The tourists won the contest .	Did the tourists win ?	yes
The bankers left the desert .	Did the bankers leave ?	yes
The presidents read the play .	Did the presidents read ?	yes
The tourist left the forest .	Did the tourist leave ?	yes
The students read the speech .	Did the students read ?	yes
The actor paid the senators .	Did the actor pay ?	yes
The doctor won the election .	Did the doctor win ?	yes
The bankers left the town .	Did the bankers leave ?	yes
The lawyers paid the secretaries .	Did the lawyers pay ?	yes
The senators paid the judge .	Did the senators pay ?	yes
The scientists paid the secretaries .	Did the scientists pay ?	yes
The judge paid the tourists .	Did the judge pay ?	yes
The tourists won the competition .	Did the tourists win ?	yes
The athlete won the battle .	Did the athlete win ?	yes
The managers explored the island .	Did the managers explore ?	yes
The managers left the island .	Did the managers leave ?	yes
The senators left the desert .	Did the senators leave ?	yes
The senators paid the tourist .	Did the senators pay ?	yes
The artist paid the student .	Did the artist pay ?	yes
The lawyers paid the professors .	Did the lawyers pay ?	yes
The students paid the judges .	Did the students pay ?	yes
The manager ate the salad .	Did the manager eat ?	yes
The scientist paid the doctor .	Did the scientist pay ?	yes
The banker wrote the column .	Did the banker write ?	yes
The judge ate the rice .	Did the judge eat ?	yes
The scientists paid the doctors .	Did the scientists pay ?	yes
The president won the tournament .	Did the president win ?	yes
The doctor wrote the novel .	Did the doctor write ?	yes
The artists ate the broccoli .	Did the artists eat ?	yes
The bankers ate the salad .	Did the bankers eat ?	yes
The professors ate the corn .	Did the professors eat ?	yes
The secretary read the speech .	Did the secretary read ?	yes
The scientist read the play .	Did the scientist read ?	yes
The students paid the professor .	Did the students pay ?	yes
The actor explored the region .	Did the actor explore ?	yes
The lawyer ate the rice .	Did the lawyer eat ?	yes
The lawyer paid the students .	Did the lawyer pay ?	yes
The author paid the professors .	Did the author pay ?	yes
The manager explored the town .	Did the manager explore ?	yes
The tourists paid the student .	Did the tourists pay ?	yes
The authors ate the fruit .	Did the authors eat ?	yes
The judge left the garden .	Did the judge leave ?	yes
The tourists explored the town .	Did the tourists explore ?	yes
The actors wrote the novel .	Did the actors write ?	yes
The senators won the tournament .	Did the senators win ?	yes
The lawyers won the prize .	Did the lawyers win ?	yes
The artist read the report .	Did the artist read ?	yes
The students wrote the poem .	Did the students write ?	yes
The secretary wrote the column .	Did the secretary write ?	yes
The scientists wrote the letter .	Did the scientists write ?	yes
The athlete left the country .	Did the athlete leave ?	yes
The bankers explored the neighborhood .	Did the bankers explore ?	yes
The judges read the speech .	Did the judges read ?	yes
The presidents won the battle .	Did the presidents win ?	yes
The artists paid the professors .	Did the artists pay ?	yes
The author won the contest .	Did the author win ?	yes
The senator left the neighborhood .	Did the senator leave ?	yes
The managers paid the actors .	Did the managers pay ?	yes
The senators ate the fruit .	Did the senators eat ?	yes
The lawyers ate the salad .	Did the lawyers eat ?	yes
The actor ate the rice .	Did the actor eat ?	yes
The tourist paid the actor .	Did the tourist pay ?	yes
The students explored the valley .	Did the students explore ?	yes
The judges ate the sandwich .	Did the judges eat ?	yes
The athletes ate the salad .	Did the athletes eat ?	yes
The student paid the professors .	Did the student pay ?	yes
The professors left the town .	Did the professors leave ?	yes
The president left the valley .	Did the president leave ?	yes
The actor explored the town .	Did the actor explore ?	yes
The lawyers left the museum .	Did the lawyers leave ?	yes
The artists wrote the novel .	Did the artists write ?	yes
The artist ate the rice .	Did the artist eat ?	yes
The president left the country .	Did the president leave ?	yes
The scientists ate the corn .	Did the scientists eat ?	yes
The athlete read the letter .	Did the athlete read ?	yes
The student won the prize .	Did the student win ?	yes
The bankers read the poem .	Did the bankers read ?	yes
The president explored the museum .	Did the president explore ?	yes
The artist wrote the column .	Did the artist write ?	yes
The scientists won the war .	Did the scientists win ?	yes
The scientist won the tournament .	Did the scientist win ?	yes
The presidents explored the valley .	Did the presidents explore ?	yes
The scientists left the island .	Did the scientists leave ?	yes
The judges read the poem .	Did the judges read ?	yes
The artists wrote the poem .	Did the artists write ?	yes
The student explored the museum .	Did the student explore ?	yes
The judges paid the bankers .	Did the judges pay ?	yes
The artists wrote the letter .	Did the artists write ?	yes
The actor read the book .	Did the actor read ?	yes
The managers paid the artist .	Did the managers pay ?	yes
The author wrote the book .	Did the author write ?	yes
The lawyer read the book .	Did the lawyer read ?	yes
The athletes left the museum .	Did the athletes leave ?	yes
The secretary left the neighborhood .	Did the secretary leave ?	yes
The lawyer explored the valley .	Did the lawyer explore ?	yes
The students explored the garden .	Did the students explore ?	yes
The tourists left the forest .	Did the tourists leave ?	yes
The doctors left the island .	Did the doctors leave ?	yes
The managers won the contest .	Did the managers win ?	yes
The artists wrote the column .	Did the artists write ?	yes
The artist read the novel .	Did the artist read ?	yes
The athletes paid the president .	Did the athletes pay ?	yes
The artists ate the fruit .	Did the artists eat ?	yes
The secretaries won the election .	Did the secretaries win ?	yes
The tourist explored the island .	Did the tourist explore ?	yes
The professor wrote the report .	Did the professor write ?	yes
The senators left the museum .	Did the senators leave ?	yes
The artists won the battle .	Did the artists win ?	yes
The student paid the judges .	Did the student pay ?	yes
The bankers explored the valley .	Did the bankers explore ?	yes
The lawyers paid the author .	Did the lawyers pay ?	yes
The professor read the play .	Did the professor read ?	yes
The actors ate the sandwich .	Did the actors eat ?	yes
The presidents wrote the play .	Did the presidents write ?	yes
The tourist wrote the novel .	Did the tourist write ?	yes
The athletes ate the rice .	Did the athletes eat ?	yes
The professor won the battle .	Did the professor win ?	yes
The lawyer explored the desert .	Did the lawyer explore ?	yes
The lawyer explored the museum .	Did the lawyer explore ?	yes
The authors wrote the novel .	Did the authors write ?	yes
The judges left the island .	Did the judges leave ?	yes
The athletes ate the broccoli .	Did the athletes eat ?	yes
The athlete paid the actor .	Did the athlete pay ?	yes
The judge left the forest .	Did the judge leave ?	yes
The artists read the report .	Did the artists read ?	yes
The lawyer explored the forest .	Did the lawyer explore ?	yes
The student wrote the letter .	Did the student write ?	yes
The lawyers ate the sandwich .	Did the lawyers eat ?	yes
The lawyers paid the students .	Did the lawyers pay ?	yes
The authors paid the actors .	Did the authors pay ?	yes
The presidents paid the judge .	Did the presidents pay ?	yes
The doctor explored the museum .	Did the doctor explore ?	yes
The author explored the valley .	Did the author explore ?	yes
The author paid the scientist .	Did the author pay ?	yes
The president won the prize .	Did the president win ?	yes
The scientists left the region .	Did the scientists leave ?	yes
The lawyers wrote the column .	Did the lawyers write ?	yes
The banker won the award .	Did the banker win ?	yes
The president left the island .	Did the president leave ?	yes
The banker paid the manager .	Did the banker pay ?	yes
The judge wrote the novel .	Did the judge write ?	yes
The presidents explored the museum .	Did the presidents explore ?	yes
The professor wrote the column .	Did the professor write ?	yes
The tourist won the prize .	Did the tourist win ?	yes
The senator wrote the column .	Did the senator write ?	yes
The professor ate the salad .	Did the professor eat ?	yes
The doctor paid the presidents .	Did the doctor pay ?	yes
The author read the poem .	Did the author read ?	yes
The artist left the museum .	Did the artist leave ?	yes
The actor left the region .	Did the actor leave ?	yes
The president left the garden .	Did the president leave ?	yes
The doctors read the play .	Did the doctors read ?	yes
The managers read the play .	Did the managers read ?	yes
The senator paid the lawyer .	Did the senator pay ?	yes
The professors left the island .	Did the professors leave ?	yes
The secretaries wrote the report .	Did the secretaries write ?	yes
The secretary left the valley .	Did the secretary leave ?	yes
The senators won the race .	Did the senators win ?	yes
The athlete read the story .	Did the athlete read ?	yes
The actors won the election .	Did the actors win ?	yes
The senator ate the salad .	Did the senator eat ?	yes
The secretaries won the tournament .	Did the secretaries win ?	yes
The athletes read the story .	Did the athletes read ?	yes
The lawyer explored the town .	Did the lawyer explore ?	yes
The artist read the play .	Did the artist read ?	yes
The senator explored the forest .	Did the senator explore ?	yes
The manager left the garden .	Did the manager leave ?	yes
The actors read the report .	Did the actors read ?	yes
The presidents left the country .	Did the presidents leave ?	yes
The judges paid the professor .	Did the judges pay ?	yes
The doctor explored the desert .	Did the doctor explore ?	yes
The athlete read the play .	Did the athlete read ?	yes
The tourists explored the museum .	Did the tourists explore ?	yes
The artist read the poem .	Did the artist read ?	yes
The professor left the museum .	Did the professor leave ?	yes
The secretaries wrote the book .	Did the secretaries write ?	yes
The athlete paid the banker .	Did the athlete pay ?	yes
The banker read the book .	Did the banker read ?	yes
The author paid the tourists .	Did the author pay ?	yes
The tourists wrote the play .	Did the tourists write ?	yes
The scientists explored the forest .	Did the scientists explore ?	yes
The scientist left the island .	Did the scientist leave ?	yes
The lawyer left the country .	Did the lawyer leave ?	yes
The tourists left the town .	Did the tourists leave ?	yes
The athletes won the competition .	Did the athletes win ?	yes
The banker read the speech .	Did the banker read ?	yes
The doctors paid the professors .	Did the doctors pay ?	yes
The professors read the novel .	Did the professors read ?	yes
The manager explored the neighborhood .	Did the manager explore ?	yes
The secretary paid the senator .	Did the secretary pay ?	yes
The scientist left the region .	Did the scientist leave ?	yes
The tourists left the region .	Did the tourists leave ?	yes
The presidents explored the region .	Did the presidents explore ?	yes
The artists paid the senators .	Did the artists pay ?	yes
The authors won the tournament .	Did the authors win ?	yes
The manager won the battle .	Did the manager win ?	yes
The lawyers read the speech .	Did the lawyers read ?	yes
The secretary read the book .	Did the secretary read ?	yes
The artist wrote the letter .	Did the artist write ?	yes
The tourist left the garden .	Did the tourist leave ?	yes
The author left the forest .	Did the author leave ?	yes
The tourist read the novel .	Did the tourist read ?	yes
The author paid the judges .	Did the author pay ?	yes
The managers ate the fruit .	Did the managers eat ?	yes
The senators won the war .	Did the senators win ?	yes
The bankers paid the tourist .	Did the bankers pay ?	yes
The doctor explored the neighborhood .	Did the doctor explore ?	yes
The judge won the battle .	Did the judge win ?	yes
The secretaries explored the museum .	Did the secretaries explore ?	yes
The professors won the tournament .	Did the professors win ?	yes
The students wrote the column .	Did the students write ?	yes
The scientist left the museum .	Did the scientist leave ?	yes
The scientists left the forest .	Did the scientists leave ?	yes
The athletes left the country .	Did the athletes leave ?	yes
The actors ate the rice .	Did the actors eat ?	yes
The actor ate the ice cream .	Did the actor eat ?	yes
The bankers paid the professor .	Did the bankers pay ?	yes
The athlete paid the authors .	Did the athlete pay ?	yes
The student ate the ice cream .	Did the student eat ?	yes
The tourists paid the managers .	Did the tourists pay ?	yes
The secretary paid the students .	Did the secretary pay ?	yes
The judge paid the professors .	Did the judge pay ?	yes
The artist explored the forest .	Did the artist explore ?	yes
The scientists wrote the poem .	Did the scientists write ?	yes
The professor left the valley .	Did the professor leave ?	yes
The student won the race .	Did the student win ?	yes
The scientist left the forest .	Did the scientist leave ?	yes
The athletes won the battle .	Did the athletes win ?	yes
The doctors ate the salad .	Did the doctors eat ?	yes
The manager paid the lawyers .	Did the manager pay ?	yes
The manager left the island .	Did the manager leave ?	yes
The president won the war .	Did the president win ?	yes
The scientists read the letter .	Did the scientists read ?	yes
The senator won the competition .	Did the senator win ?	yes
The doctor won the battle .	Did the doctor win ?	yes
The tourist explored the garden .	Did the tourist explore ?	yes
The secretaries left the valley .	Did the secretaries leave ?	yes
The lawyer explored the region .	Did the lawyer explore ?	yes
The lawyer wrote the book .	Did the lawyer write ?	yes
The senator paid the secretaries .	Did the senator pay ?	yes
The judge ate the salad .	Did the judge eat ?	yes
The actors read the play .	Did the actors read ?	yes
The bankers read the letter .	Did the bankers read ?	yes
The authors won the race .	Did the authors win ?	yes
The artists wrote the report .	Did the artists write ?	yes
The managers left the region .	Did the managers leave ?	yes
The professors left the valley .	Did the professors leave ?	yes
The banker paid the lawyers .	Did the banker pay ?	yes
The scientists read the play .	Did the scientists read ?	yes
The judges ate the ice cream .	Did the judges eat ?	yes
The authors explored the desert .	Did the authors explore ?	yes
The students wrote the speech .	Did the students write ?	yes
The manager paid the banker .	Did the manager pay ?	yes
The professor ate the sandwich .	Did the professor eat ?	yes
The manager explored the desert .	Did the manager explore ?	yes
The secretaries explored the forest .	Did the secretaries explore ?	yes
The professors won the war .	Did the professors win ?	yes
The students left the town .	Did the students leave ?	yes
The senator paid the artists .	Did the senator pay ?	yes
The lawyers explored the desert .	Did the lawyers explore ?	yes
The athlete wrote the novel .	Did the athlete write ?	yes
The lawyer paid the secretaries .	Did the lawyer pay ?	yes
The actor won the battle .	Did the actor win ?	yes
The author explored the desert .	Did the author explore ?	yes
The artist ate the fruit .	Did the artist eat ?	yes
The president read the letter .	Did the president read ?	yes
The senator read the speech .	Did the senator read ?	yes
The lawyers wrote the speech .	Did the lawyers write ?	yes
The student explored the desert .	Did the student explore ?	yes
The scientists ate the broccoli .	Did the scientists eat ?	yes
The manager left the town .	Did the manager leave ?	yes
The senators won the competition .	Did the senators win ?	yes
The artist wrote the speech .	Did the artist write ?	yes
The students paid the secretary .	Did the students pay ?	yes
The judges paid the presidents .	Did the judges pay ?	yes
The judge wrote the book .	Did the judge write ?	yes
The actor wrote the novel .	Did the actor write ?	yes
The professor left the country .	Did the professor leave ?	yes
The senators left the garden .	Did the senators leave ?	yes
The tourist paid the authors .	Did the tourist pay ?	yes
The president ate the broccoli .	Did the president eat ?	yes
The athlete explored the town .	Did the athlete explore ?	yes
The doctors ate the rice .	Did the doctors eat ?	yes
The students wrote the story .	Did the students write ?	yes
The scientists won the battle .	Did the scientists win ?	yes
The manager paid the student .	Did the manager pay ?	yes
The artist won the race .	Did the artist win ?	yes
The authors won the election .	Did the authors win ?	yes
The students read the letter .	Did the students read ?	yes
The scientists explored the country .	Did the scientists explore ?	yes
The athlete left the town .	Did the athlete leave ?	yes
The president paid the managers .	Did the president pay ?	yes
The banker left the neighborhood .	Did the banker leave ?	yes
The athletes explored the island .	Did the athletes explore ?	yes
The senator wrote the novel .	Did the senator write ?	yes
The lawyer wrote the story .	Did the lawyer write ?	yes
The athlete ate the rice .	Did the athlete eat ?	yes
The athletes explored the town .	Did the athletes explore ?	yes
The professors paid the actors .	Did the professors pay ?	yes
The doctor won the tournament .	Did the doctor win ?	yes
The presidents ate the ice cream .	Did the presidents eat ?	yes
The lawyers won the award .	Did the lawyers win ?	yes
The lawyers explored the garden .	Did the lawyers explore ?	yes
The professor read the column .	Did the professor read ?	yes
The student paid the presidents .	Did the student pay ?	yes
The professor paid the author .	Did the professor pay ?	yes
The scientist ate the salad .	Did the scientist eat ?	yes
The athletes wrote the story .	Did the athletes write ?	yes
The judges read the book .	Did the judges read ?	yes
The judges explored the museum .	Did the judges explore ?	yes
The lawyer wrote the poem .	Did the lawyer write ?	yes
The senators won the contest .	Did the senators win ?	yes
The author paid the actors .	Did the author pay ?	yes
The senator read the letter .	Did the senator read ?	yes
The actors explored the island .	Did the actors explore ?	yes
The artist paid the judge .	Did the artist pay ?	yes
The actors wrote the play .	Did the actors write ?	yes
The judge read the book .	Did the judge read ?	yes
The lawyers read the book .	Did the lawyers read ?	yes
The students paid the actor .	Did the students pay ?	yes
The students read the column .	Did the students read ?	yes
The secretaries won the prize .	Did the secretaries win ?	yes
The managers won the award .	Did the managers win ?	yes
The tourist paid the judges .	Did the tourist pay ?	yes
The artist explored the region .	Did the artist explore ?	yes
The tourist won the competition .	Did the tourist win ?	yes
The judge left the island .	Did the judge leave ?	yes
The athletes paid the authors .	Did the athletes pay ?	yes
The authors read the poem .	Did the authors read ?	yes
The judge explored the forest .	Did the judge explore ?	yes
The bankers ate the fruit .	Did the bankers eat ?	yes
The artists explored the island .	Did the artists explore ?	yes
The actor read the report .	Did the actor read ?	yes
The secretaries wrote the column .	Did the secretaries write ?	yes
The doctor ate the salad .	Did the doctor eat ?	yes
The artists paid the tourists .	Did the artists pay ?	yes
The actors wrote the report .	Did the actors write ?	yes
The actor read the play .	Did the actor read ?	yes
The lawyer paid the secretary .	Did the lawyer pay ?	yes
The athlete won the competition .	Did the athlete win ?	yes
The actor won the war .	Did the actor win ?	yes
The professor wrote the play .	Did the professor write ?	yes
The tourists read the play .	Did the tourists read ?	yes
The authors read the report .	Did the authors read ?	yes
The authors paid the bankers .	Did the authors pay ?	yes
The students won the prize .	Did the students win ?	yes
The scientists wrote the speech .	Did the scientists write ?	yes
The scientist wrote the speech .	Did the scientist write ?	yes
The senator wrote the book .	Did the senator write ?	yes
The bankers won the tournament .	Did the bankers win ?	yes
The senators paid the judges .	Did the senators pay ?	yes
The presidents read the story .	Did the presidents read ?	yes
The artists won the award .	Did the artists win ?	yes
The authors wrote the book .	Did the authors write ?	yes
The president ate the sandwich .	Did the president eat ?	yes
The judge paid the author .	Did the judge pay ?	yes
The athletes wrote the speech .	Did the athletes write ?	yes
The actor left the country .	Did the actor leave ?	yes
The lawyers paid the senators .	Did the lawyers pay ?	yes
The doctor wrote the story .	Did the doctor write ?	yes
The judge left the museum .	Did the judge leave ?	yes
The secretary paid the scientist .	Did the secretary pay ?	yes
The authors read the play .	Did the authors read ?	yes
The professors explored the town .	Did the professors explore ?	yes
The student won the election .	Did the student win ?	yes
The bankers explored the garden .	Did the bankers explore ?	yes
The tourists read the novel .	Did the tourists read ?	yes
The secretary ate the sandwich .	Did the secretary eat ?	yes
The authors paid the managers .	Did the authors pay ?	yes
The author wrote the column .	Did the author write ?	yes
The actors explored the region .	Did the actors explore ?	yes
The student left the town .	Did the student leave ?	yes
The doctors paid the president .	Did the doctors pay ?	yes
The managers won the tournament .	Did the managers win ?	yes
The student paid the scientists .	Did the student pay ?	yes
The tourists left the country .	Did the tourists leave ?	yes
The tourist ate the sandwich .	Did the tourist eat ?	yes
The scientist paid the senator .	Did the scientist pay ?	yes
The tourist ate the rice .	Did the tourist eat ?	yes
The senator left the region .	Did the senator leave ?	yes
The scientist ate the sandwich .	Did the scientist eat ?	yes
The lawyer won the race .	Did the lawyer win ?	yes
The manager won the war .	Did the manager win ?	yes
The athlete wrote the report .	Did the athlete write ?	yes
The secretary wrote the speech .	Did the secretary write ?	yes
The judge ate the corn .	Did the judge eat ?	yes
The professor wrote the letter .	Did the professor write ?	yes
The judge ate the fruit .	Did the judge eat ?	yes
The athletes paid the actor .	Did the athletes pay ?	yes
The scientists won the race .	Did the scientists win ?	yes
The secretaries ate the fruit .	Did the secretaries eat ?	yes
The lawyers read the column .	Did the lawyers read ?	yes
The secretary left the town .	Did the secretary leave ?	yes
The professor ate the corn .	Did the professor eat ?	yes
The professors read the poem .	Did the professors read ?	yes
The artist explored the garden .	Did the artist explore ?	yes
The presidents paid the scientist .	Did the presidents pay ?	yes
The managers admired the authors who called the actor .	Did the managers admire the authors ?	yes
The artists avoided the athlete that helped the lawyers .	Did the artists avoid the athlete ?	yes
The artists avoided the senators that thanked the tourists .	Did the artists avoid the senators ?	yes
The athlete admired the tourist that shouted .	Did the athlete admire the tourist ?	yes
The scientists recommended the actor that the judges saw .	Did the scientists recommend the actor ?	yes
The doctor supported the managers that arrived .	Did the doctor support the managers ?	yes
The senators recommended the judges that the students recognized .	Did the senators recommend the judges ?	yes
The artist contacted the tourist who the senators encouraged .	Did the artist contact the tourist ?	yes
The judges supported the athlete who saw the actors .	Did the judges support the athlete ?	yes
The tourist recommended the scientist who helped the artists .	Did the tourist recommend the scientist ?	yes
The tourists stopped the author who the doctor mentioned .	Did the tourists stop the author ?	yes
The doctor recommended the actors who shouted .	Did the doctor recommend the actors ?	yes
The scientist avoided the banker who the managers thanked .	Did the scientist avoid the banker ?	yes
The artists stopped the scientist who performed .	Did the artists stop the scientist ?	yes
The managers believed the authors that admired the secretaries .	Did the managers believe the authors ?	yes
The artist called the bankers that ran .	Did the artist call the bankers ?	yes
The manager supported the secretary that slept .	Did the manager support the secretary ?	yes
The bankers introduced the judges that arrived .	Did the bankers introduce the judges ?	yes
The doctor avoided the tourists that thanked the banker .	Did the doctor avoid the tourists ?	yes
The managers introduced the student that the judge mentioned .	Did the managers introduce the student ?	yes
The senator introduced the authors that encouraged the student .	Did the senator introduce the authors ?	yes
The professor believed the scientists who thanked the athlete .	Did the professor believe the scientists ?	yes
The authors avoided the artists who danced .	Did the authors avoid the artists ?	yes
The secretaries believed the athlete who the authors saw .	Did the secretaries believe the athlete ?	yes
The secretary supported the manager that slept .	Did the secretary support the manager ?	yes
The judges avoided the artist who the authors thanked .	Did the judges avoid the artist ?	yes
The athlete avoided the senators that arrived .	Did the athlete avoid the senators ?	yes
The lawyer introduced the artist who mentioned the senator .	Did the lawyer introduce the artist ?	yes
The senator called the author that the tourists supported .	Did the senator call the author ?	yes
The lawyer avoided the scientist who the president introduced .	Did the lawyer avoid the scientist ?	yes
The artists contacted the presidents that danced .	Did the artists contact the presidents ?	yes
The student avoided the president that contacted the senator .	Did the student avoid the president ?	yes
The judge stopped the students who arrived .	Did the judge stop the students ?	yes
The lawyer recognized the senator that slept .	Did the lawyer recognize the senator ?	yes
The author supported the presidents that the artist thanked .	Did the author support the presidents ?	yes
The doctors believed the senators that recommended the manager .	Did the doctors believe the senators ?	yes
The authors recommended the professor that supported the secretaries .	Did the authors recommend the professor ?	yes
The bankers helped the professor that contacted the scientists .	Did the bankers help the professor ?	yes
The athletes called the author that admired the presidents .	Did the athletes call the author ?	yes
The artist mentioned the authors that performed .	Did the artist mention the authors ?	yes
The actor supported the tourist that waited .	Did the actor support the tourist ?	yes
The banker advised the author that encouraged the judges .	Did the banker advise the author ?	yes
The senators advised the secretaries who encouraged the actor .	Did the senators advise the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyer advised the artists who danced .	Did the lawyer advise the artists ?	yes
The tourist helped the students who the scientist introduced .	Did the tourist help the students ?	yes
The manager supported the bankers that performed .	Did the manager support the bankers ?	yes
The tourists thanked the president who admired the secretaries .	Did the tourists thank the president ?	yes
The actors helped the professors who danced .	Did the actors help the professors ?	yes
The athletes believed the actor who danced .	Did the athletes believe the actor ?	yes
The judge contacted the manager that helped the bankers .	Did the judge contact the manager ?	yes
The scientist believed the judges that mentioned the athlete .	Did the scientist believe the judges ?	yes
The athletes recognized the bankers who recommended the scientists .	Did the athletes recognize the bankers ?	yes
The tourists recognized the scientist who arrived .	Did the tourists recognize the scientist ?	yes
The authors admired the artists who waited .	Did the authors admire the artists ?	yes
The student mentioned the doctor who danced .	Did the student mention the doctor ?	yes
The judges avoided the managers that ran .	Did the judges avoid the managers ?	yes
The athletes advised the professor who thanked the presidents .	Did the athletes advise the professor ?	yes
The student thanked the senator who contacted the professors .	Did the student thank the senator ?	yes
The actor encouraged the presidents who recognized the senator .	Did the actor encourage the presidents ?	yes
The bankers supported the presidents that danced .	Did the bankers support the presidents ?	yes
The actor helped the athletes that waited .	Did the actor help the athletes ?	yes
The artist believed the judge that stopped the manager .	Did the artist believe the judge ?	yes
The secretaries advised the bankers who slept .	Did the secretaries advise the bankers ?	yes
The artists avoided the athletes that performed .	Did the artists avoid the athletes ?	yes
The judge supported the lawyer that recognized the senators .	Did the judge support the lawyer ?	yes
The tourist recognized the actors that introduced the professor .	Did the tourist recognize the actors ?	yes
The secretary stopped the actor who performed .	Did the secretary stop the actor ?	yes
The artist introduced the bankers who slept .	Did the artist introduce the bankers ?	yes
The artist believed the senator that contacted the student .	Did the artist believe the senator ?	yes
The scientist admired the secretary who advised the doctors .	Did the scientist admire the secretary ?	yes
The lawyer admired the authors that slept .	Did the lawyer admire the authors ?	yes
The doctors thanked the scientist who danced .	Did the doctors thank the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer encouraged the tourist that performed .	Did the lawyer encourage the tourist ?	yes
The scientist avoided the actors who slept .	Did the scientist avoid the actors ?	yes
The lawyers stopped the athletes who the presidents recognized .	Did the lawyers stop the athletes ?	yes
The author recognized the students that performed .	Did the author recognize the students ?	yes
The doctor thanked the lawyers that admired the president .	Did the doctor thank the lawyers ?	yes
The athlete thanked the lawyer who danced .	Did the athlete thank the lawyer ?	yes
The student advised the lawyers that helped the artists .	Did the student advise the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyer avoided the author who advised the president .	Did the lawyer avoid the author ?	yes
The actor recognized the doctor that shouted .	Did the actor recognize the doctor ?	yes
The athlete recommended the tourists who slept .	Did the athlete recommend the tourists ?	yes
The managers recommended the presidents that resigned .	Did the managers recommend the presidents ?	yes
The athletes recognized the professor who performed .	Did the athletes recognize the professor ?	yes
The authors helped the student who the lawyers stopped .	Did the authors help the student ?	yes
The lawyers thanked the student who stopped the artists .	Did the lawyers thank the student ?	yes
The tourists contacted the professor that encouraged the lawyer .	Did the tourists contact the professor ?	yes
The banker encouraged the actors that slept .	Did the banker encourage the actors ?	yes
The professors believed the lawyers that supported the secretary .	Did the professors believe the lawyers ?	yes
The doctor contacted the secretaries who shouted .	Did the doctor contact the secretaries ?	yes
The judges mentioned the student that danced .	Did the judges mention the student ?	yes
The judge stopped the doctor that danced .	Did the judge stop the doctor ?	yes
The doctor avoided the students who ran .	Did the doctor avoid the students ?	yes
The professor avoided the tourists that the senators helped .	Did the professor avoid the tourists ?	yes
The senators thanked the bankers who the managers stopped .	Did the senators thank the bankers ?	yes
The students advised the scientists that the authors believed .	Did the students advise the scientists ?	yes
The actors supported the professor that the doctor stopped .	Did the actors support the professor ?	yes
The president mentioned the artists who the student encouraged .	Did the president mention the artists ?	yes
The author saw the doctors that believed the actor .	Did the author see the doctors ?	yes
The scientist helped the tourist that the student believed .	Did the scientist help the tourist ?	yes
The managers avoided the secretary who ran .	Did the managers avoid the secretary ?	yes
The judges admired the banker that performed .	Did the judges admire the banker ?	yes
The scientists admired the artists that the presidents saw .	Did the scientists admire the artists ?	yes
The bankers introduced the judges that ran .	Did the bankers introduce the judges ?	yes
The judges helped the managers that the senator supported .	Did the judges help the managers ?	yes
The actors avoided the lawyer who slept .	Did the actors avoid the lawyer ?	yes
The tourists helped the scientist that ran .	Did the tourists help the scientist ?	yes
The artist encouraged the banker that the senator advised .	Did the artist encourage the banker ?	yes
The doctors avoided the artists who the bankers recommended .	Did the doctors avoid the artists ?	yes
The managers stopped the tourists who performed .	Did the managers stop the tourists ?	yes
The presidents mentioned the tourist that performed .	Did the presidents mention the tourist ?	yes
The athlete called the professors that waited .	Did the athlete call the professors ?	yes
The bankers saw the students that resigned .	Did the bankers see the students ?	yes
The actor helped the secretaries that the banker supported .	Did the actor help the secretaries ?	yes
The professor admired the banker that the manager avoided .	Did the professor admire the banker ?	yes
The scientists helped the student who the president saw .	Did the scientists help the student ?	yes
The professors admired the author that recognized the president .	Did the professors admire the author ?	yes
The authors advised the professor who avoided the artists .	Did the authors advise the professor ?	yes
The lawyer encouraged the scientists who advised the doctors .	Did the lawyer encourage the scientists ?	yes
The athletes avoided the senator who thanked the managers .	Did the athletes avoid the senator ?	yes
The manager introduced the judges who admired the bankers .	Did the manager introduce the judges ?	yes
The president contacted the managers who admired the student .	Did the president contact the managers ?	yes
The student believed the doctors who the actors avoided .	Did the student believe the doctors ?	yes
The author advised the judge who the scientists thanked .	Did the author advise the judge ?	yes
The secretary admired the lawyer who resigned .	Did the secretary admire the lawyer ?	yes
The banker recognized the lawyers who called the students .	Did the banker recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The secretaries helped the authors that performed .	Did the secretaries help the authors ?	yes
The professors recognized the athlete who the lawyer thanked .	Did the professors recognize the athlete ?	yes
The secretaries recommended the senators that thanked the tourists .	Did the secretaries recommend the senators ?	yes
The doctors helped the secretary that the lawyer recognized .	Did the doctors help the secretary ?	yes
The actor saw the judge who slept .	Did the actor see the judge ?	yes
The president contacted the author that slept .	Did the president contact the author ?	yes
The secretaries recognized the artists that shouted .	Did the secretaries recognize the artists ?	yes
The tourists believed the athletes who the professors supported .	Did the tourists believe the athletes ?	yes
The tourist saw the actor that slept .	Did the tourist see the actor ?	yes
The judges stopped the professor who saw the artists .	Did the judges stop the professor ?	yes
The judge admired the actor that introduced the students .	Did the judge admire the actor ?	yes
The manager called the artist who the judges thanked .	Did the manager call the artist ?	yes
The banker recommended the student who ran .	Did the banker recommend the student ?	yes
The professor thanked the manager that slept .	Did the professor thank the manager ?	yes
The senator avoided the bankers that the students mentioned .	Did the senator avoid the bankers ?	yes
The scientist advised the secretaries that the senators recognized .	Did the scientist advise the secretaries ?	yes
The student mentioned the manager who the professors helped .	Did the student mention the manager ?	yes
The doctors believed the actor that ran .	Did the doctors believe the actor ?	yes
The student supported the artists who the doctor recognized .	Did the student support the artists ?	yes
The secretaries recommended the artists that advised the lawyers .	Did the secretaries recommend the artists ?	yes
The artist admired the athlete that thanked the judges .	Did the artist admire the athlete ?	yes
The scientist mentioned the lawyers who the athletes called .	Did the scientist mention the lawyers ?	yes
The professors admired the senator that stopped the president .	Did the professors admire the senator ?	yes
The judges thanked the actor who introduced the bankers .	Did the judges thank the actor ?	yes
The actors recommended the judge that the manager called .	Did the actors recommend the judge ?	yes
The actor mentioned the artist that recognized the secretary .	Did the actor mention the artist ?	yes
The senators introduced the artists who the secretary recognized .	Did the senators introduce the artists ?	yes
The presidents saw the scientist who shouted .	Did the presidents see the scientist ?	yes
The banker called the authors who advised the athletes .	Did the banker call the authors ?	yes
The scientists avoided the tourist that recommended the managers .	Did the scientists avoid the tourist ?	yes
The bankers advised the author who arrived .	Did the bankers advise the author ?	yes
The professors helped the manager who the doctor supported .	Did the professors help the manager ?	yes
The president encouraged the professors that arrived .	Did the president encourage the professors ?	yes
The actor saw the lawyers that mentioned the secretaries .	Did the actor see the lawyers ?	yes
The professor recommended the bankers who the judge admired .	Did the professor recommend the bankers ?	yes
The senators recommended the professors that advised the tourist .	Did the senators recommend the professors ?	yes
The artist recognized the athletes that advised the professor .	Did the artist recognize the athletes ?	yes
The student saw the artists that the actors recommended .	Did the student see the artists ?	yes
The presidents believed the senator who recommended the doctors .	Did the presidents believe the senator ?	yes
The judges contacted the president who waited .	Did the judges contact the president ?	yes
The president thanked the bankers that the secretaries introduced .	Did the president thank the bankers ?	yes
The tourists advised the athletes who shouted .	Did the tourists advise the athletes ?	yes
The professors stopped the tourist who the banker called .	Did the professors stop the tourist ?	yes
The banker introduced the president who performed .	Did the banker introduce the president ?	yes
The professors recognized the tourists who encouraged the artist .	Did the professors recognize the tourists ?	yes
The actors thanked the author that waited .	Did the actors thank the author ?	yes
The artist helped the tourists that slept .	Did the artist help the tourists ?	yes
The athlete saw the president who arrived .	Did the athlete see the president ?	yes
The athletes recommended the lawyers who arrived .	Did the athletes recommend the lawyers ?	yes
The banker saw the athletes who the judges called .	Did the banker see the athletes ?	yes
The actor admired the artist that ran .	Did the actor admire the artist ?	yes
The professors contacted the tourist that helped the secretary .	Did the professors contact the tourist ?	yes
The doctors advised the artist that ran .	Did the doctors advise the artist ?	yes
The secretaries encouraged the artist that contacted the president .	Did the secretaries encourage the artist ?	yes
The scientists recognized the actor that called the authors .	Did the scientists recognize the actor ?	yes
The lawyer saw the athletes who admired the president .	Did the lawyer see the athletes ?	yes
The bankers called the tourist who waited .	Did the bankers call the tourist ?	yes
The athletes thanked the artist who the judge advised .	Did the athletes thank the artist ?	yes
The secretary supported the scientist who encouraged the author .	Did the secretary support the scientist ?	yes
The presidents advised the author that recommended the scientists .	Did the presidents advise the author ?	yes
The scientists encouraged the president that avoided the doctors .	Did the scientists encourage the president ?	yes
The author encouraged the senator that the managers introduced .	Did the author encourage the senator ?	yes
The tourists avoided the students that the lawyer encouraged .	Did the tourists avoid the students ?	yes
The lawyers thanked the author that resigned .	Did the lawyers thank the author ?	yes
The lawyer saw the athletes that called the secretaries .	Did the lawyer see the athletes ?	yes
The athletes contacted the scientists that the professors helped .	Did the athletes contact the scientists ?	yes
The presidents contacted the senator who saw the secretary .	Did the presidents contact the senator ?	yes
The lawyers thanked the tourists that the students introduced .	Did the lawyers thank the tourists ?	yes
The tourists thanked the actors that slept .	Did the tourists thank the actors ?	yes
The author helped the secretaries who the banker saw .	Did the author help the secretaries ?	yes
The doctor called the professor who recommended the lawyers .	Did the doctor call the professor ?	yes
The artist believed the athletes that advised the scientists .	Did the artist believe the athletes ?	yes
The lawyer called the student who arrived .	Did the lawyer call the student ?	yes
The judges called the actors who the athletes introduced .	Did the judges call the actors ?	yes
The athletes advised the scientists who shouted .	Did the athletes advise the scientists ?	yes
The tourist mentioned the athlete that waited .	Did the tourist mention the athlete ?	yes
The doctors thanked the artist who recommended the actors .	Did the doctors thank the artist ?	yes
The doctors supported the judge that danced .	Did the doctors support the judge ?	yes
The artists called the judges who supported the students .	Did the artists call the judges ?	yes
The judge encouraged the artist who the tourist recommended .	Did the judge encourage the artist ?	yes
The athletes encouraged the doctors who admired the presidents .	Did the athletes encourage the doctors ?	yes
The president avoided the professors that ran .	Did the president avoid the professors ?	yes
The artist stopped the student that the professors supported .	Did the artist stop the student ?	yes
The presidents called the managers that the secretary helped .	Did the presidents call the managers ?	yes
The lawyer supported the students that the actor called .	Did the lawyer support the students ?	yes
The authors stopped the secretary that performed .	Did the authors stop the secretary ?	yes
The secretaries stopped the scientist who called the tourist .	Did the secretaries stop the scientist ?	yes
The judge believed the professors who arrived .	Did the judge believe the professors ?	yes
The tourists introduced the student that believed the author .	Did the tourists introduce the student ?	yes
The presidents called the lawyer who danced .	Did the presidents call the lawyer ?	yes
The actors recognized the students that contacted the tourist .	Did the actors recognize the students ?	yes
The bankers advised the secretaries that the professors avoided .	Did the bankers advise the secretaries ?	yes
The student believed the doctors that recommended the senator .	Did the student believe the doctors ?	yes
The tourist stopped the senators who waited .	Did the tourist stop the senators ?	yes
The doctors believed the managers that performed .	Did the doctors believe the managers ?	yes
The doctors called the scientists that arrived .	Did the doctors call the scientists ?	yes
The judge saw the professors that waited .	Did the judge see the professors ?	yes
The doctors helped the athlete who shouted .	Did the doctors help the athlete ?	yes
The doctor avoided the bankers that the managers believed .	Did the doctor avoid the bankers ?	yes
The judge believed the secretaries who supported the doctor .	Did the judge believe the secretaries ?	yes
The students called the authors who the actors helped .	Did the students call the authors ?	yes
The secretaries stopped the banker who waited .	Did the secretaries stop the banker ?	yes
The scientist saw the professor who ran .	Did the scientist see the professor ?	yes
The secretary avoided the president who called the senators .	Did the secretary avoid the president ?	yes
The actor stopped the lawyers that shouted .	Did the actor stop the lawyers ?	yes
The bankers supported the senators who the doctor encouraged .	Did the bankers support the senators ?	yes
The athlete introduced the manager that mentioned the artists .	Did the athlete introduce the manager ?	yes
The bankers supported the doctor that thanked the secretaries .	Did the bankers support the doctor ?	yes
The president mentioned the tourists that performed .	Did the president mention the tourists ?	yes
The actors helped the doctor that the secretary stopped .	Did the actors help the doctor ?	yes
The manager stopped the professor who encouraged the artists .	Did the manager stop the professor ?	yes
The artists recognized the senators that slept .	Did the artists recognize the senators ?	yes
The authors helped the banker that waited .	Did the authors help the banker ?	yes
The managers mentioned the secretary that the actors stopped .	Did the managers mention the secretary ?	yes
The doctors contacted the athlete who the secretary encouraged .	Did the doctors contact the athlete ?	yes
The lawyer believed the secretary that saw the students .	Did the lawyer believe the secretary ?	yes
The manager stopped the athletes who slept .	Did the manager stop the athletes ?	yes
The artists stopped the senators who mentioned the scientists .	Did the artists stop the senators ?	yes
The actors believed the tourist who recognized the artists .	Did the actors believe the tourist ?	yes
The bankers mentioned the managers who the scientists called .	Did the bankers mention the managers ?	yes
The tourist contacted the actor who the manager recognized .	Did the tourist contact the actor ?	yes
The president believed the secretaries who shouted .	Did the president believe the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyer admired the manager that the artist helped .	Did the lawyer admire the manager ?	yes
The bankers encouraged the artist that the senator contacted .	Did the bankers encourage the artist ?	yes
The author called the lawyers that danced .	Did the author call the lawyers ?	yes
The students encouraged the doctor who resigned .	Did the students encourage the doctor ?	yes
The secretaries helped the doctors who saw the professors .	Did the secretaries help the doctors ?	yes
The scientists admired the doctor who arrived .	Did the scientists admire the doctor ?	yes
The athletes called the students who shouted .	Did the athletes call the students ?	yes
The doctors mentioned the secretary who ran .	Did the doctors mention the secretary ?	yes
The president avoided the student that shouted .	Did the president avoid the student ?	yes
The authors saw the actor that mentioned the manager .	Did the authors see the actor ?	yes
The bankers thanked the doctor who the students supported .	Did the bankers thank the doctor ?	yes
The lawyer avoided the scientists that shouted .	Did the lawyer avoid the scientists ?	yes
The manager mentioned the lawyers that stopped the secretary .	Did the manager mention the lawyers ?	yes
The presidents supported the manager that the tourists helped .	Did the presidents support the manager ?	yes
The student believed the bankers who arrived .	Did the student believe the bankers ?	yes
The actor believed the author that thanked the senator .	Did the actor believe the author ?	yes
The actor recognized the lawyer who saw the professors .	Did the actor recognize the lawyer ?	yes
The senator recognized the artist who advised the tourists .	Did the senator recognize the artist ?	yes
The actors mentioned the judges who the student admired .	Did the actors mention the judges ?	yes
The bankers saw the tourists that slept .	Did the bankers see the tourists ?	yes
The actor recognized the artist who slept .	Did the actor recognize the artist ?	yes
The artists stopped the scientist who the professor introduced .	Did the artists stop the scientist ?	yes
The scientists avoided the senators that the authors encouraged .	Did the scientists avoid the senators ?	yes
The managers believed the athlete that ran .	Did the managers believe the athlete ?	yes
The artist believed the tourists that waited .	Did the artist believe the tourists ?	yes
The secretary recognized the manager who arrived .	Did the secretary recognize the manager ?	yes
The athlete advised the tourist who ran .	Did the athlete advise the tourist ?	yes
The authors admired the judge that resigned .	Did the authors admire the judge ?	yes
The artist supported the judges who recognized the actors .	Did the artist support the judges ?	yes
The authors advised the banker who shouted .	Did the authors advise the banker ?	yes
The president supported the judges that recognized the tourist .	Did the president support the judges ?	yes
The managers recognized the tourist that slept .	Did the managers recognize the tourist ?	yes
The doctor mentioned the presidents who the scientists recognized .	Did the doctor mention the presidents ?	yes
The bankers recommended the actors that slept .	Did the bankers recommend the actors ?	yes
The presidents advised the secretary who recommended the authors .	Did the presidents advise the secretary ?	yes
The managers thanked the tourist that the presidents believed .	Did the managers thank the tourist ?	yes
The tourist avoided the senator that ran .	Did the tourist avoid the senator ?	yes
The tourist supported the artist that admired the judge .	Did the tourist support the artist ?	yes
The banker encouraged the judge that the scientists recognized .	Did the banker encourage the judge ?	yes
The authors supported the doctors who the manager called .	Did the authors support the doctors ?	yes
The doctors saw the tourist that waited .	Did the doctors see the tourist ?	yes
The professors introduced the secretaries who called the bankers .	Did the professors introduce the secretaries ?	yes
The authors supported the athletes who believed the professor .	Did the authors support the athletes ?	yes
The bankers advised the tourists that the manager encouraged .	Did the bankers advise the tourists ?	yes
The tourist saw the scientists who thanked the secretary .	Did the tourist see the scientists ?	yes
The senator recommended the secretaries that ran .	Did the senator recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The doctor contacted the athlete that thanked the lawyers .	Did the doctor contact the athlete ?	yes
The athlete supported the artists that the lawyer helped .	Did the athlete support the artists ?	yes
The tourist avoided the authors that the professors stopped .	Did the tourist avoid the authors ?	yes
The bankers believed the scientists that recognized the professors .	Did the bankers believe the scientists ?	yes
The professor mentioned the doctors who thanked the actors .	Did the professor mention the doctors ?	yes
The professors recognized the actors who mentioned the doctors .	Did the professors recognize the actors ?	yes
The tourist mentioned the scientists that the authors stopped .	Did the tourist mention the scientists ?	yes
The professors introduced the president that contacted the lawyer .	Did the professors introduce the president ?	yes
The judges mentioned the banker that recommended the professors .	Did the judges mention the banker ?	yes
The scientists mentioned the banker who the president stopped .	Did the scientists mention the banker ?	yes
The senator saw the student that the actors thanked .	Did the senator see the student ?	yes
The artist recognized the secretary that saw the lawyer .	Did the artist recognize the secretary ?	yes
The judges avoided the tourists who the student introduced .	Did the judges avoid the tourists ?	yes
The secretaries believed the tourist who resigned .	Did the secretaries believe the tourist ?	yes
The manager avoided the banker that recognized the judges .	Did the manager avoid the banker ?	yes
The lawyer mentioned the scientist who the professor encouraged .	Did the lawyer mention the scientist ?	yes
The actors thanked the artists that the athlete admired .	Did the actors thank the artists ?	yes
The actor encouraged the athlete who the bankers contacted .	Did the actor encourage the athlete ?	yes
The students believed the president who resigned .	Did the students believe the president ?	yes
The president saw the author that mentioned the banker .	Did the president see the author ?	yes
The lawyer admired the artists that believed the doctor .	Did the lawyer admire the artists ?	yes
The managers supported the senators who recommended the artist .	Did the managers support the senators ?	yes
The presidents helped the bankers that waited .	Did the presidents help the bankers ?	yes
The doctor thanked the president who stopped the lawyer .	Did the doctor thank the president ?	yes
The artists advised the senator that the students supported .	Did the artists advise the senator ?	yes
The managers advised the author who the tourist called .	Did the managers advise the author ?	yes
The judges avoided the senator that ran .	Did the judges avoid the senator ?	yes
The lawyer stopped the banker who performed .	Did the lawyer stop the banker ?	yes
The doctors recommended the judge that advised the athletes .	Did the doctors recommend the judge ?	yes
The athlete avoided the lawyers who admired the professor .	Did the athlete avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The professor saw the lawyers that arrived .	Did the professor see the lawyers ?	yes
The judge contacted the actor who arrived .	Did the judge contact the actor ?	yes
The student avoided the artists that the secretaries thanked .	Did the student avoid the artists ?	yes
The doctor admired the managers that shouted .	Did the doctor admire the managers ?	yes
The lawyer stopped the scientists that mentioned the judge .	Did the lawyer stop the scientists ?	yes
The judge believed the senators that ran .	Did the judge believe the senators ?	yes
The senators admired the actor who the president mentioned .	Did the senators admire the actor ?	yes
The judge contacted the professor that resigned .	Did the judge contact the professor ?	yes
The athletes mentioned the senator who ran .	Did the athletes mention the senator ?	yes
The athletes avoided the tourist that ran .	Did the athletes avoid the tourist ?	yes
The authors avoided the senators that performed .	Did the authors avoid the senators ?	yes
The bankers advised the president who called the professor .	Did the bankers advise the president ?	yes
The secretaries encouraged the banker that the actor recognized .	Did the secretaries encourage the banker ?	yes
The author thanked the judge who slept .	Did the author thank the judge ?	yes
The tourist believed the author who waited .	Did the tourist believe the author ?	yes
The actors recognized the doctors that arrived .	Did the actors recognize the doctors ?	yes
The lawyer introduced the professor who the student encouraged .	Did the lawyer introduce the professor ?	yes
The professor saw the judges that recommended the author .	Did the professor see the judges ?	yes
The artist believed the presidents who saw the student .	Did the artist believe the presidents ?	yes
The judges called the lawyers that the presidents avoided .	Did the judges call the lawyers ?	yes
The presidents stopped the banker that advised the senators .	Did the presidents stop the banker ?	yes
The presidents believed the lawyer that danced .	Did the presidents believe the lawyer ?	yes
The secretaries mentioned the students who the lawyer admired .	Did the secretaries mention the students ?	yes
The president stopped the student who the tourists encouraged .	Did the president stop the student ?	yes
The students called the tourists who ran .	Did the students call the tourists ?	yes
The actors contacted the professors that slept .	Did the actors contact the professors ?	yes
The president stopped the bankers that the artist encouraged .	Did the president stop the bankers ?	yes
The athlete helped the artists that believed the senator .	Did the athlete help the artists ?	yes
The judge thanked the professors who recommended the doctors .	Did the judge thank the professors ?	yes
The lawyer helped the author that danced .	Did the lawyer help the author ?	yes
The secretary thanked the professors who the scientist recommended .	Did the secretary thank the professors ?	yes
The manager recommended the senator that resigned .	Did the manager recommend the senator ?	yes
The tourist saw the professors that ran .	Did the tourist see the professors ?	yes
The senator supported the judges that the secretaries introduced .	Did the senator support the judges ?	yes
The lawyer admired the president that recommended the secretary .	Did the lawyer admire the president ?	yes
The professor mentioned the judge who the actors called .	Did the professor mention the judge ?	yes
The students saw the doctors that the tourist called .	Did the students see the doctors ?	yes
The senators believed the student who helped the tourists .	Did the senators believe the student ?	yes
The senators mentioned the students who recognized the tourist .	Did the senators mention the students ?	yes
The lawyer recommended the bankers who resigned .	Did the lawyer recommend the bankers ?	yes
The author contacted the secretaries who the bankers called .	Did the author contact the secretaries ?	yes
The students introduced the tourist that the bankers recognized .	Did the students introduce the tourist ?	yes
The manager encouraged the doctors that thanked the banker .	Did the manager encourage the doctors ?	yes
The author mentioned the president who advised the professor .	Did the author mention the president ?	yes
The athlete saw the students that resigned .	Did the athlete see the students ?	yes
The doctor contacted the scientists who the students mentioned .	Did the doctor contact the scientists ?	yes
The author helped the tourists that shouted .	Did the author help the tourists ?	yes
The artists mentioned the athlete that the managers encouraged .	Did the artists mention the athlete ?	yes
The secretary introduced the manager who the bankers helped .	Did the secretary introduce the manager ?	yes
The scientists advised the athlete that avoided the student .	Did the scientists advise the athlete ?	yes
The professor thanked the scientists who the athletes called .	Did the professor thank the scientists ?	yes
The athlete supported the tourist that the professors stopped .	Did the athlete support the tourist ?	yes
The senators thanked the professor who the tourist introduced .	Did the senators thank the professor ?	yes
The judges avoided the bankers that the artists supported .	Did the judges avoid the bankers ?	yes
The manager contacted the actor that performed .	Did the manager contact the actor ?	yes
The authors stopped the bankers who the students called .	Did the authors stop the bankers ?	yes
The students advised the president that helped the tourists .	Did the students advise the president ?	yes
The professors contacted the presidents who supported the manager .	Did the professors contact the presidents ?	yes
The scientists saw the actors who shouted .	Did the scientists see the actors ?	yes
The bankers supported the judge who the lawyers advised .	Did the bankers support the judge ?	yes
The athlete supported the judges that believed the actors .	Did the athlete support the judges ?	yes
The doctor helped the lawyers that the judges encouraged .	Did the doctor help the lawyers ?	yes
The senators recommended the secretary that resigned .	Did the senators recommend the secretary ?	yes
The athlete avoided the authors that admired the artists .	Did the athlete avoid the authors ?	yes
The lawyer advised the senators who the tourist recognized .	Did the lawyer advise the senators ?	yes
The secretary supported the senator who advised the manager .	Did the secretary support the senator ?	yes
The professor helped the students that resigned .	Did the professor help the students ?	yes
The judge supported the banker who called the athlete .	Did the judge support the banker ?	yes
The banker mentioned the lawyers that resigned .	Did the banker mention the lawyers ?	yes
The authors recognized the president that shouted .	Did the authors recognize the president ?	yes
The authors recognized the artists who shouted .	Did the authors recognize the artists ?	yes
The athletes recommended the tourist that the banker recognized .	Did the athletes recommend the tourist ?	yes
The managers avoided the scientist that the athlete saw .	Did the managers avoid the scientist ?	yes
The presidents contacted the students that slept .	Did the presidents contact the students ?	yes
The presidents admired the secretaries who the professor contacted .	Did the presidents admire the secretaries ?	yes
The professor recommended the actors that performed .	Did the professor recommend the actors ?	yes
The secretaries introduced the manager that thanked the athletes .	Did the secretaries introduce the manager ?	yes
The actor recognized the tourists that arrived .	Did the actor recognize the tourists ?	yes
The banker recommended the actor that arrived .	Did the banker recommend the actor ?	yes
The bankers believed the senator that saw the president .	Did the bankers believe the senator ?	yes
The student saw the tourists who avoided the secretaries .	Did the student see the tourists ?	yes
The artists encouraged the managers that mentioned the actor .	Did the artists encourage the managers ?	yes
The senator called the president who waited .	Did the senator call the president ?	yes
The manager supported the secretaries who resigned .	Did the manager support the secretaries ?	yes
The actor admired the professors who mentioned the scientist .	Did the actor admire the professors ?	yes
The students saw the secretary who the athletes encouraged .	Did the students see the secretary ?	yes
The student mentioned the actors that danced .	Did the student mention the actors ?	yes
The judge introduced the scientist that called the banker .	Did the judge introduce the scientist ?	yes
The lawyers mentioned the scientist who resigned .	Did the lawyers mention the scientist ?	yes
The president encouraged the bankers that danced .	Did the president encourage the bankers ?	yes
The doctors recognized the scientist who resigned .	Did the doctors recognize the scientist ?	yes
The artists stopped the actors that the judge avoided .	Did the artists stop the actors ?	yes
The bankers thanked the author that waited .	Did the bankers thank the author ?	yes
The artist thanked the managers that the senators advised .	Did the artist thank the managers ?	yes
The lawyers advised the presidents who waited .	Did the lawyers advise the presidents ?	yes
The authors believed the secretaries that waited .	Did the authors believe the secretaries ?	yes
The authors believed the artist that recommended the actors .	Did the authors believe the artist ?	yes
The actor thanked the athletes who the bankers encouraged .	Did the actor thank the athletes ?	yes
The artist mentioned the authors who helped the actor .	Did the artist mention the authors ?	yes
The professor contacted the senators that the scientist stopped .	Did the professor contact the senators ?	yes
The tourist encouraged the presidents who helped the professors .	Did the tourist encourage the presidents ?	yes
The managers mentioned the banker that encouraged the authors .	Did the managers mention the banker ?	yes
The professors introduced the tourists that the secretaries contacted .	Did the professors introduce the tourists ?	yes
The author believed the presidents who shouted .	Did the author believe the presidents ?	yes
The artists mentioned the scientist who advised the lawyer .	Did the artists mention the scientist ?	yes
The presidents introduced the lawyer that danced .	Did the presidents introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The tourists helped the judges that the banker saw .	Did the tourists help the judges ?	yes
The authors stopped the doctors that ran .	Did the authors stop the doctors ?	yes
The lawyers contacted the authors that the professor saw .	Did the lawyers contact the authors ?	yes
The banker encouraged the senator who the athletes stopped .	Did the banker encourage the senator ?	yes
The tourists helped the lawyer that recognized the professor .	Did the tourists help the lawyer ?	yes
The judges stopped the president that resigned .	Did the judges stop the president ?	yes
The students supported the artists who the banker thanked .	Did the students support the artists ?	yes
The athlete avoided the judges who the professors advised .	Did the athlete avoid the judges ?	yes
The judge supported the artists who mentioned the secretaries .	Did the judge support the artists ?	yes
The athletes admired the scientist who resigned .	Did the athletes admire the scientist ?	yes
The authors contacted the artist who danced .	Did the authors contact the artist ?	yes
The bankers recognized the doctor that mentioned the professor .	Did the bankers recognize the doctor ?	yes
The artists avoided the actors who the scientist contacted .	Did the artists avoid the actors ?	yes
The students stopped the secretary who supported the senators .	Did the students stop the secretary ?	yes
The lawyer avoided the student that supported the author .	Did the lawyer avoid the student ?	yes
The scientists admired the athletes that the student helped .	Did the scientists admire the athletes ?	yes
The banker recommended the president who stopped the actor .	Did the banker recommend the president ?	yes
The author recommended the athlete who contacted the manager .	Did the author recommend the athlete ?	yes
The athlete advised the student that performed .	Did the athlete advise the student ?	yes
The senator admired the doctors who avoided the presidents .	Did the senator admire the doctors ?	yes
The authors avoided the athletes who danced .	Did the authors avoid the athletes ?	yes
The athletes stopped the author who arrived .	Did the athletes stop the author ?	yes
The artists supported the actors who waited .	Did the artists support the actors ?	yes
The athlete supported the lawyers who thanked the banker .	Did the athlete support the lawyers ?	yes
The bankers mentioned the lawyers who waited .	Did the bankers mention the lawyers ?	yes
The secretary advised the actors who danced .	Did the secretary advise the actors ?	yes
The professor mentioned the author that recommended the bankers .	Did the professor mention the author ?	yes
The senator stopped the students that the artist helped .	Did the senator stop the students ?	yes
The artists called the professor that waited .	Did the artists call the professor ?	yes
The actor thanked the authors who the manager admired .	Did the actor thank the authors ?	yes
The judges avoided the senator who the author thanked .	Did the judges avoid the senator ?	yes
The senators mentioned the students that the athletes saw .	Did the senators mention the students ?	yes
The professors recommended the actors that the student avoided .	Did the professors recommend the actors ?	yes
The doctor recommended the judges who performed .	Did the doctor recommend the judges ?	yes
The artist contacted the secretary that arrived .	Did the artist contact the secretary ?	yes
The senator believed the scientists that saw the judge .	Did the senator believe the scientists ?	yes
The athletes recommended the artists who waited .	Did the athletes recommend the artists ?	yes
The senator mentioned the manager who admired the bankers .	Did the senator mention the manager ?	yes
The actor recommended the secretary who mentioned the senators .	Did the actor recommend the secretary ?	yes
The senator believed the students that the artists saw .	Did the senator believe the students ?	yes
The banker saw the managers who the lawyer mentioned .	Did the banker see the managers ?	yes
The doctor saw the actor that the bankers encouraged .	Did the doctor see the actor ?	yes
The athletes supported the author who the artists encouraged .	Did the athletes support the author ?	yes
The judge avoided the student that saw the actors .	Did the judge avoid the student ?	yes
The judges introduced the athletes who thanked the president .	Did the judges introduce the athletes ?	yes
The artists avoided the professor who helped the banker .	Did the artists avoid the professor ?	yes
The scientist supported the professor that slept .	Did the scientist support the professor ?	yes
The manager advised the tourists who supported the author .	Did the manager advise the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer introduced the judge who waited .	Did the lawyer introduce the judge ?	yes
The tourist recommended the athlete that mentioned the secretaries .	Did the tourist recommend the athlete ?	yes
The tourists mentioned the doctor that slept .	Did the tourists mention the doctor ?	yes
The secretary contacted the athlete who the judges called .	Did the secretary contact the athlete ?	yes
The authors mentioned the athlete who admired the senator .	Did the authors mention the athlete ?	yes
The authors saw the doctor who the professor admired .	Did the authors see the doctor ?	yes
The judges recommended the managers who called the lawyer .	Did the judges recommend the managers ?	yes
The banker mentioned the scientist that helped the senator .	Did the banker mention the scientist ?	yes
The artists thanked the judge who admired the manager .	Did the artists thank the judge ?	yes
The athlete recommended the doctors that the lawyers introduced .	Did the athlete recommend the doctors ?	yes
The scientists helped the doctor that slept .	Did the scientists help the doctor ?	yes
The athletes contacted the lawyer who performed .	Did the athletes contact the lawyer ?	yes
The scientist supported the actors who waited .	Did the scientist support the actors ?	yes
The professors mentioned the president that the lawyer encouraged .	Did the professors mention the president ?	yes
The presidents called the scientist that resigned .	Did the presidents call the scientist ?	yes
The judge introduced the lawyers who the scientist advised .	Did the judge introduce the lawyers ?	yes
The presidents contacted the actor that resigned .	Did the presidents contact the actor ?	yes
The professor believed the secretaries who the authors introduced .	Did the professor believe the secretaries ?	yes
The scientists recognized the presidents who the managers contacted .	Did the scientists recognize the presidents ?	yes
The president avoided the actor that the professors contacted .	Did the president avoid the actor ?	yes
The managers stopped the secretaries who the actors avoided .	Did the managers stop the secretaries ?	yes
The doctors believed the presidents that stopped the professors .	Did the doctors believe the presidents ?	yes
The student called the judge that the doctor thanked .	Did the student call the judge ?	yes
The senators avoided the doctors who the athlete advised .	Did the senators avoid the doctors ?	yes
The tourists mentioned the doctor who the professors contacted .	Did the tourists mention the doctor ?	yes
The artist supported the secretary that the actor mentioned .	Did the artist support the secretary ?	yes
The tourists introduced the athletes that the authors thanked .	Did the tourists introduce the athletes ?	yes
The tourist admired the scientist that slept .	Did the tourist admire the scientist ?	yes
The tourists stopped the bankers who mentioned the scientist .	Did the tourists stop the bankers ?	yes
The managers advised the senators who admired the actor .	Did the managers advise the senators ?	yes
The students stopped the artist who resigned .	Did the students stop the artist ?	yes
The secretaries helped the author who thanked the president .	Did the secretaries help the author ?	yes
The scientists avoided the students who resigned .	Did the scientists avoid the students ?	yes
The artists believed the lawyer who ran .	Did the artists believe the lawyer ?	yes
The artists introduced the athletes who the tourist called .	Did the artists introduce the athletes ?	yes
The scientists saw the banker that introduced the managers .	Did the scientists see the banker ?	yes
The actor saw the professors who the senators introduced .	Did the actor see the professors ?	yes
The students believed the senator who arrived .	Did the students believe the senator ?	yes
The judge supported the bankers who slept .	Did the judge support the bankers ?	yes
The presidents believed the tourist that introduced the student .	Did the presidents believe the tourist ?	yes
The secretaries admired the actor who the tourists believed .	Did the secretaries admire the actor ?	yes
The author saw the banker who danced .	Did the author see the banker ?	yes
The doctors called the lawyer who the president recognized .	Did the doctors call the lawyer ?	yes
The doctors admired the secretaries that resigned .	Did the doctors admire the secretaries ?	yes
The banker called the judges that the professor helped .	Did the banker call the judges ?	yes
The scientist mentioned the students that the tourist recognized .	Did the scientist mention the students ?	yes
The doctor thanked the students who arrived .	Did the doctor thank the students ?	yes
The authors saw the senators who the artist admired .	Did the authors see the senators ?	yes
The tourists helped the president who the actors stopped .	Did the tourists help the president ?	yes
The judge encouraged the professors that arrived .	Did the judge encourage the professors ?	yes
The artist saw the professor that the presidents supported .	Did the artist see the professor ?	yes
The bankers thanked the manager who the presidents supported .	Did the bankers thank the manager ?	yes
The doctors admired the artists that performed .	Did the doctors admire the artists ?	yes
The bankers supported the actor who slept .	Did the bankers support the actor ?	yes
The professor recognized the scientist that introduced the tourists .	Did the professor recognize the scientist ?	yes
The scientists recommended the tourist that recognized the authors .	Did the scientists recommend the tourist ?	yes
The authors stopped the senators who shouted .	Did the authors stop the senators ?	yes
The author saw the scientists who avoided the doctors .	Did the author see the scientists ?	yes
The author introduced the professors who helped the doctor .	Did the author introduce the professors ?	yes
The author admired the bankers that the athlete saw .	Did the author admire the bankers ?	yes
The banker mentioned the athlete that advised the doctor .	Did the banker mention the athlete ?	yes
The senators contacted the tourists that advised the lawyers .	Did the senators contact the tourists ?	yes
The students admired the artists who resigned .	Did the students admire the artists ?	yes
The actor admired the lawyer that shouted .	Did the actor admire the lawyer ?	yes
The student advised the presidents who the lawyers avoided .	Did the student advise the presidents ?	yes
The athletes believed the actors who slept .	Did the athletes believe the actors ?	yes
The artists advised the secretaries who shouted .	Did the artists advise the secretaries ?	yes
The senators introduced the authors that the tourists called .	Did the senators introduce the authors ?	yes
The banker thanked the judge who admired the author .	Did the banker thank the judge ?	yes
The managers avoided the president that waited .	Did the managers avoid the president ?	yes
The secretary introduced the lawyer that slept .	Did the secretary introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The athlete recommended the author who believed the secretaries .	Did the athlete recommend the author ?	yes
The doctors introduced the author who encouraged the tourists .	Did the doctors introduce the author ?	yes
The tourists encouraged the professor that recommended the managers .	Did the tourists encourage the professor ?	yes
The artists recommended the lawyers that the president contacted .	Did the artists recommend the lawyers ?	yes
The students contacted the scientist that shouted .	Did the students contact the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer recommended the scientists who the authors believed .	Did the lawyer recommend the scientists ?	yes
The manager helped the athletes that the lawyer believed .	Did the manager help the athletes ?	yes
The secretary thanked the authors that the actors encouraged .	Did the secretary thank the authors ?	yes
The lawyers contacted the presidents that the tourists called .	Did the lawyers contact the presidents ?	yes
The doctors called the athlete who the artist stopped .	Did the doctors call the athlete ?	yes
The tourists mentioned the presidents who performed .	Did the tourists mention the presidents ?	yes
The professor saw the actors who performed .	Did the professor see the actors ?	yes
The lawyers supported the athlete that waited .	Did the lawyers support the athlete ?	yes
The secretaries encouraged the manager that thanked the students .	Did the secretaries encourage the manager ?	yes
The actors mentioned the professors who resigned .	Did the actors mention the professors ?	yes
The scientists recommended the athlete that resigned .	Did the scientists recommend the athlete ?	yes
The actor introduced the judge that performed .	Did the actor introduce the judge ?	yes
The professors stopped the judge that the athletes mentioned .	Did the professors stop the judge ?	yes
The doctor saw the judge that the senators believed .	Did the doctor see the judge ?	yes
The senator recognized the professor that arrived .	Did the senator recognize the professor ?	yes
The tourist believed the student who the authors introduced .	Did the tourist believe the student ?	yes
The presidents helped the judges who stopped the doctor .	Did the presidents help the judges ?	yes
The author encouraged the judge that contacted the tourists .	Did the author encourage the judge ?	yes
The lawyers avoided the senator who slept .	Did the lawyers avoid the senator ?	yes
The senators admired the professors that helped the author .	Did the senators admire the professors ?	yes
The doctor recommended the tourists who the author saw .	Did the doctor recommend the tourists ?	yes
The doctor thanked the lawyers who waited .	Did the doctor thank the lawyers ?	yes
The athlete advised the actors that admired the judge .	Did the athlete advise the actors ?	yes
The lawyers believed the students that arrived .	Did the lawyers believe the students ?	yes
The professor advised the banker who ran .	Did the professor advise the banker ?	yes
The senator recommended the students who shouted .	Did the senator recommend the students ?	yes
The scientists introduced the professors who waited .	Did the scientists introduce the professors ?	yes
The athlete saw the professors who mentioned the student .	Did the athlete see the professors ?	yes
The managers mentioned the secretary that advised the authors .	Did the managers mention the secretary ?	yes
The lawyers encouraged the professors that the students saw .	Did the lawyers encourage the professors ?	yes
The actor encouraged the secretary that danced .	Did the actor encourage the secretary ?	yes
The scientists saw the artists who the author recognized .	Did the scientists see the artists ?	yes
The presidents thanked the actors who waited .	Did the presidents thank the actors ?	yes
The athletes believed the president that admired the judge .	Did the athletes believe the president ?	yes
The senators saw the banker that contacted the managers .	Did the senators see the banker ?	yes
The student advised the artist that supported the authors .	Did the student advise the artist ?	yes
The senator recognized the artist who performed .	Did the senator recognize the artist ?	yes
The senator encouraged the banker who ran .	Did the senator encourage the banker ?	yes
The authors thanked the scientist who the presidents stopped .	Did the authors thank the scientist ?	yes
The secretaries called the banker that resigned .	Did the secretaries call the banker ?	yes
The students contacted the tourist that slept .	Did the students contact the tourist ?	yes
The judges saw the student that slept .	Did the judges see the student ?	yes
The artists advised the lawyers that performed .	Did the artists advise the lawyers ?	yes
The artists supported the presidents who avoided the manager .	Did the artists support the presidents ?	yes
The lawyer advised the actor who supported the professors .	Did the lawyer advise the actor ?	yes
The tourist stopped the judges who advised the authors .	Did the tourist stop the judges ?	yes
The tourists recommended the manager that the authors advised .	Did the tourists recommend the manager ?	yes
The presidents called the athlete who the artists mentioned .	Did the presidents call the athlete ?	yes
The author mentioned the managers who danced .	Did the author mention the managers ?	yes
The actors admired the authors who slept .	Did the actors admire the authors ?	yes
The actor recognized the lawyers that contacted the athlete .	Did the actor recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The artists contacted the secretary who recommended the senators .	Did the artists contact the secretary ?	yes
The actors encouraged the author that resigned .	Did the actors encourage the author ?	yes
The manager believed the judges who the president mentioned .	Did the manager believe the judges ?	yes
The athletes mentioned the secretary that the judge thanked .	Did the athletes mention the secretary ?	yes
The artist stopped the bankers who slept .	Did the artist stop the bankers ?	yes
The scientist contacted the secretary who shouted .	Did the scientist contact the secretary ?	yes
The tourist contacted the presidents who the artists introduced .	Did the tourist contact the presidents ?	yes
The tourist avoided the professors who the doctors helped .	Did the tourist avoid the professors ?	yes
The tourist avoided the athlete who waited .	Did the tourist avoid the athlete ?	yes
The professors admired the president who recognized the judge .	Did the professors admire the president ?	yes
The presidents contacted the artist who resigned .	Did the presidents contact the artist ?	yes
The student admired the manager who danced .	Did the student admire the manager ?	yes
The actors thanked the scientist that danced .	Did the actors thank the scientist ?	yes
The artist introduced the presidents that admired the managers .	Did the artist introduce the presidents ?	yes
The professor mentioned the athlete that the actor believed .	Did the professor mention the athlete ?	yes
The doctor encouraged the presidents that contacted the authors .	Did the doctor encourage the presidents ?	yes
The presidents recommended the tourist who the scientists admired .	Did the presidents recommend the tourist ?	yes
The tourists believed the judges who performed .	Did the tourists believe the judges ?	yes
The artists contacted the senator that the actor advised .	Did the artists contact the senator ?	yes
The athletes avoided the president that the lawyer introduced .	Did the athletes avoid the president ?	yes
The scientists admired the artist that the actor advised .	Did the scientists admire the artist ?	yes
The tourist encouraged the senator who the scientists helped .	Did the tourist encourage the senator ?	yes
The artists recognized the banker that introduced the president .	Did the artists recognize the banker ?	yes
The athletes encouraged the doctors who performed .	Did the athletes encourage the doctors ?	yes
The actors thanked the tourist who slept .	Did the actors thank the tourist ?	yes
The author thanked the athlete who arrived .	Did the author thank the athlete ?	yes
The secretary contacted the tourist who ran .	Did the secretary contact the tourist ?	yes
The senator recognized the authors who the judge called .	Did the senator recognize the authors ?	yes
The president believed the actor who shouted .	Did the president believe the actor ?	yes
The lawyers introduced the artists who the students avoided .	Did the lawyers introduce the artists ?	yes
The bankers contacted the secretary who resigned .	Did the bankers contact the secretary ?	yes
The actor called the president who the manager contacted .	Did the actor call the president ?	yes
The scientist mentioned the secretary who the student contacted .	Did the scientist mention the secretary ?	yes
The lawyers believed the artist that called the student .	Did the lawyers believe the artist ?	yes
The lawyers called the judges who ran .	Did the lawyers call the judges ?	yes
The tourists encouraged the student that introduced the author .	Did the tourists encourage the student ?	yes
The presidents stopped the authors that the actors introduced .	Did the presidents stop the authors ?	yes
The student mentioned the managers who waited .	Did the student mention the managers ?	yes
The presidents supported the senators who recommended the lawyer .	Did the presidents support the senators ?	yes
The students supported the presidents that resigned .	Did the students support the presidents ?	yes
The doctor admired the author who resigned .	Did the doctor admire the author ?	yes
The doctor introduced the tourist that the managers recognized .	Did the doctor introduce the tourist ?	yes
The actors thanked the athlete who shouted .	Did the actors thank the athlete ?	yes
The professors introduced the student that the actors called .	Did the professors introduce the student ?	yes
The senator advised the authors that the secretary contacted .	Did the senator advise the authors ?	yes
The doctors admired the presidents who believed the senator .	Did the doctors admire the presidents ?	yes
The actors encouraged the bankers that the judge supported .	Did the actors encourage the bankers ?	yes
The lawyer encouraged the manager who shouted .	Did the lawyer encourage the manager ?	yes
The athletes encouraged the tourists who shouted .	Did the athletes encourage the tourists ?	yes
The manager supported the actors who performed .	Did the manager support the actors ?	yes
The students introduced the secretaries who ran .	Did the students introduce the secretaries ?	yes
The manager mentioned the banker that shouted .	Did the manager mention the banker ?	yes
The presidents avoided the tourist that contacted the lawyer .	Did the presidents avoid the tourist ?	yes
The students saw the tourist that waited .	Did the students see the tourist ?	yes
The secretary admired the lawyers that the senator supported .	Did the secretary admire the lawyers ?	yes
The doctor helped the managers that contacted the tourists .	Did the doctor help the managers ?	yes
The doctors believed the judges that recommended the students .	Did the doctors believe the judges ?	yes
The manager contacted the tourists that ran .	Did the manager contact the tourists ?	yes
The doctor helped the author who arrived .	Did the doctor help the author ?	yes
The doctor supported the scientist who the professor thanked .	Did the doctor support the scientist ?	yes
The senator helped the lawyers who resigned .	Did the senator help the lawyers ?	yes
The lawyers admired the doctors that slept .	Did the lawyers admire the doctors ?	yes
The managers thanked the bankers who the judges saw .	Did the managers thank the bankers ?	yes
The professor encouraged the managers who waited .	Did the professor encourage the managers ?	yes
The professors supported the tourists that advised the athletes .	Did the professors support the tourists ?	yes
The athletes saw the artists that shouted .	Did the athletes see the artists ?	yes
The scientists believed the banker who recognized the lawyers .	Did the scientists believe the banker ?	yes
The athletes introduced the actors that mentioned the lawyers .	Did the athletes introduce the actors ?	yes
The actors believed the athlete that stopped the banker .	Did the actors believe the athlete ?	yes
The doctors believed the senator who the athletes advised .	Did the doctors believe the senator ?	yes
The managers called the scientists that the banker advised .	Did the managers call the scientists ?	yes
The judge thanked the artist that waited .	Did the judge thank the artist ?	yes
The professor supported the doctors that the author called .	Did the professor support the doctors ?	yes
The senator advised the tourist that avoided the secretary .	Did the senator advise the tourist ?	yes
The artists helped the senators who waited .	Did the artists help the senators ?	yes
The presidents recognized the judge that believed the banker .	Did the presidents recognize the judge ?	yes
The secretary contacted the judge who arrived .	Did the secretary contact the judge ?	yes
The presidents mentioned the doctors who encouraged the actors .	Did the presidents mention the doctors ?	yes
The judges believed the senator who encouraged the banker .	Did the judges believe the senator ?	yes
The artist believed the tourist that slept .	Did the artist believe the tourist ?	yes
The author advised the senator that supported the president .	Did the author advise the senator ?	yes
The doctors thanked the scientists that the manager contacted .	Did the doctors thank the scientists ?	yes
The senators called the actors who recommended the artist .	Did the senators call the actors ?	yes
The athlete stopped the manager that performed .	Did the athlete stop the manager ?	yes
The senator called the athlete that arrived .	Did the senator call the athlete ?	yes
The artist admired the lawyers who danced .	Did the artist admire the lawyers ?	yes
The tourists recommended the secretary who contacted the professors .	Did the tourists recommend the secretary ?	yes
The manager contacted the artists that recognized the secretaries .	Did the manager contact the artists ?	yes
The author admired the doctor that stopped the secretary .	Did the author admire the doctor ?	yes
The actor saw the artists who slept .	Did the actor see the artists ?	yes
The manager recognized the actor who arrived .	Did the manager recognize the actor ?	yes
The senators contacted the tourist who the doctor encouraged .	Did the senators contact the tourist ?	yes
The actor stopped the artists who resigned .	Did the actor stop the artists ?	yes
The artist mentioned the student who encouraged the judges .	Did the artist mention the student ?	yes
The actor thanked the scientists who stopped the authors .	Did the actor thank the scientists ?	yes
The doctors believed the tourists who helped the author .	Did the doctors believe the tourists ?	yes
The scientists advised the manager that contacted the professor .	Did the scientists advise the manager ?	yes
The professors helped the author that the athlete mentioned .	Did the professors help the author ?	yes
The lawyer mentioned the judge that the professor helped .	Did the lawyer mention the judge ?	yes
The banker encouraged the athlete who saw the judge .	Did the banker encourage the athlete ?	yes
The professors avoided the doctor that contacted the senator .	Did the professors avoid the doctor ?	yes
The president stopped the secretaries that performed .	Did the president stop the secretaries ?	yes
The banker stopped the scientists who performed .	Did the banker stop the scientists ?	yes
The student called the athlete that the scientist believed .	Did the student call the athlete ?	yes
The manager encouraged the professors that danced .	Did the manager encourage the professors ?	yes
The tourists mentioned the doctor that helped the secretaries .	Did the tourists mention the doctor ?	yes
The artist stopped the author that resigned .	Did the artist stop the author ?	yes
The tourists recognized the bankers who helped the student .	Did the tourists recognize the bankers ?	yes
The students supported the bankers that contacted the author .	Did the students support the bankers ?	yes
The lawyers avoided the actors who thanked the secretaries .	Did the lawyers avoid the actors ?	yes
The doctors supported the senator who mentioned the tourist .	Did the doctors support the senator ?	yes
The professor helped the artist who the secretary saw .	Did the professor help the artist ?	yes
The scientist contacted the doctors that avoided the artists .	Did the scientist contact the doctors ?	yes
The artist recognized the scientist that the tourists contacted .	Did the artist recognize the scientist ?	yes
The athlete saw the author that the judge believed .	Did the athlete see the author ?	yes
The tourist encouraged the doctor who the bankers supported .	Did the tourist encourage the doctor ?	yes
The author avoided the athletes who thanked the lawyers .	Did the author avoid the athletes ?	yes
The lawyers mentioned the student who the senator recognized .	Did the lawyers mention the student ?	yes
The manager avoided the actors that advised the authors .	Did the manager avoid the actors ?	yes
The scientists recognized the professors that stopped the doctors .	Did the scientists recognize the professors ?	yes
The senators thanked the bankers who the doctor encouraged .	Did the senators thank the bankers ?	yes
The scientists advised the artists that stopped the secretary .	Did the scientists advise the artists ?	yes
The tourists mentioned the lawyers who thanked the actor .	Did the tourists mention the lawyers ?	yes
The manager helped the bankers who recommended the senators .	Did the manager help the bankers ?	yes
The artist thanked the judge who admired the secretary .	Did the artist thank the judge ?	yes
The athletes helped the secretary who the lawyer called .	Did the athletes help the secretary ?	yes
The tourists called the professor who the actor introduced .	Did the tourists call the professor ?	yes
The scientists thanked the judge who ran .	Did the scientists thank the judge ?	yes
The secretary supported the students who waited .	Did the secretary support the students ?	yes
The doctor stopped the judges who danced .	Did the doctor stop the judges ?	yes
The tourist stopped the authors who slept .	Did the tourist stop the authors ?	yes
The secretaries introduced the professor that contacted the author .	Did the secretaries introduce the professor ?	yes
The professors helped the doctors who saw the lawyers .	Did the professors help the doctors ?	yes
The actor helped the bankers that the managers recommended .	Did the actor help the bankers ?	yes
The lawyer helped the student that ran .	Did the lawyer help the student ?	yes
The athlete saw the bankers that shouted .	Did the athlete see the bankers ?	yes
The managers introduced the student who the doctor mentioned .	Did the managers introduce the student ?	yes
The lawyer thanked the managers who performed .	Did the lawyer thank the managers ?	yes
The managers saw the tourist who the banker called .	Did the managers see the tourist ?	yes
The scientists recommended the actors who performed .	Did the scientists recommend the actors ?	yes
The students avoided the professor that recommended the author .	Did the students avoid the professor ?	yes
The actors contacted the tourists that the president admired .	Did the actors contact the tourists ?	yes
The tourist helped the artist who danced .	Did the tourist help the artist ?	yes
The senators believed the banker that the authors encouraged .	Did the senators believe the banker ?	yes
The actors supported the presidents that thanked the judge .	Did the actors support the presidents ?	yes
The secretaries called the actor who the student recognized .	Did the secretaries call the actor ?	yes
The judges supported the students who the authors recommended .	Did the judges support the students ?	yes
The presidents contacted the manager who ran .	Did the presidents contact the manager ?	yes
The banker mentioned the authors that introduced the artist .	Did the banker mention the authors ?	yes
The scientist introduced the banker that stopped the athlete .	Did the scientist introduce the banker ?	yes
The doctors recommended the athlete that ran .	Did the doctors recommend the athlete ?	yes
The students admired the actors who supported the doctor .	Did the students admire the actors ?	yes
The actors saw the manager who the artists stopped .	Did the actors see the manager ?	yes
The author supported the athlete that performed .	Did the author support the athlete ?	yes
The athletes recommended the author that danced .	Did the athletes recommend the author ?	yes
The president recommended the doctor that helped the secretaries .	Did the president recommend the doctor ?	yes
The actor helped the bankers who the judges supported .	Did the actor help the bankers ?	yes
The secretary saw the artist who arrived .	Did the secretary see the artist ?	yes
The student called the tourists who performed .	Did the student call the tourists ?	yes
The judges admired the artist who thanked the tourists .	Did the judges admire the artist ?	yes
The doctors avoided the artists who the athlete introduced .	Did the doctors avoid the artists ?	yes
The students supported the artists that thanked the manager .	Did the students support the artists ?	yes
The actors advised the athlete who the author avoided .	Did the actors advise the athlete ?	yes
The senator saw the manager who performed .	Did the senator see the manager ?	yes
The president admired the judge that waited .	Did the president admire the judge ?	yes
The professor avoided the author that the actor stopped .	Did the professor avoid the author ?	yes
The professor believed the senators that introduced the lawyer .	Did the professor believe the senators ?	yes
The tourists advised the managers who ran .	Did the tourists advise the managers ?	yes
The judges recognized the actors who the student contacted .	Did the judges recognize the actors ?	yes
The lawyer thanked the actor that admired the secretaries .	Did the lawyer thank the actor ?	yes
The president saw the judges who supported the lawyer .	Did the president see the judges ?	yes
The tourists saw the professor who shouted .	Did the tourists see the professor ?	yes
The tourist mentioned the judges who the lawyer recognized .	Did the tourist mention the judges ?	yes
The scientist contacted the banker that recognized the manager .	Did the scientist contact the banker ?	yes
The doctors believed the banker that the artist encouraged .	Did the doctors believe the banker ?	yes
The professors believed the students that slept .	Did the professors believe the students ?	yes
The judges admired the manager that arrived .	Did the judges admire the manager ?	yes
The artists admired the bankers that the athlete introduced .	Did the artists admire the bankers ?	yes
The judges called the tourist that the senator mentioned .	Did the judges call the tourist ?	yes
The managers introduced the banker that called the author .	Did the managers introduce the banker ?	yes
The authors helped the presidents that waited .	Did the authors help the presidents ?	yes
The manager helped the judge that called the professors .	Did the manager help the judge ?	yes
The bankers encouraged the scientists that danced .	Did the bankers encourage the scientists ?	yes
The managers called the bankers who the lawyer recommended .	Did the managers call the bankers ?	yes
The president introduced the bankers that the actors thanked .	Did the president introduce the bankers ?	yes
The judges recognized the author that slept .	Did the judges recognize the author ?	yes
The actors believed the managers who the doctor called .	Did the actors believe the managers ?	yes
The senator recognized the student that recommended the doctors .	Did the senator recognize the student ?	yes
The athletes stopped the judge who the managers contacted .	Did the athletes stop the judge ?	yes
The scientist contacted the actors who arrived .	Did the scientist contact the actors ?	yes
The scientists introduced the actor who mentioned the judges .	Did the scientists introduce the actor ?	yes
The scientist believed the judge that the senators supported .	Did the scientist believe the judge ?	yes
The judge supported the tourists who the authors believed .	Did the judge support the tourists ?	yes
The scientists recognized the student who the manager believed .	Did the scientists recognize the student ?	yes
The professors thanked the secretaries who avoided the authors .	Did the professors thank the secretaries ?	yes
The manager advised the professors who helped the banker .	Did the manager advise the professors ?	yes
The athlete recommended the presidents that shouted .	Did the athlete recommend the presidents ?	yes
The manager mentioned the senators who believed the professor .	Did the manager mention the senators ?	yes
The artist believed the actors who slept .	Did the artist believe the actors ?	yes
The secretaries recognized the actor that mentioned the author .	Did the secretaries recognize the actor ?	yes
The doctors mentioned the artist that the scientist helped .	Did the doctors mention the artist ?	yes
The artist thanked the tourist who advised the students .	Did the artist thank the tourist ?	yes
The secretary admired the professors who called the lawyers .	Did the secretary admire the professors ?	yes
The managers avoided the doctors that mentioned the athlete .	Did the managers avoid the doctors ?	yes
The doctors introduced the athlete that the actor saw .	Did the doctors introduce the athlete ?	yes
The secretary contacted the lawyers that believed the actor .	Did the secretary contact the lawyers ?	yes
The tourists helped the authors who the banker contacted .	Did the tourists help the authors ?	yes
The students advised the actors who recognized the scientist .	Did the students advise the actors ?	yes
The athletes recognized the lawyers that the tourist believed .	Did the athletes recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The bankers admired the professors who recommended the senator .	Did the bankers admire the professors ?	yes
The scientists contacted the presidents that advised the actors .	Did the scientists contact the presidents ?	yes
The authors admired the managers who mentioned the lawyer .	Did the authors admire the managers ?	yes
The doctors encouraged the lawyer who the athlete mentioned .	Did the doctors encourage the lawyer ?	yes
The president avoided the secretary that danced .	Did the president avoid the secretary ?	yes
The banker admired the athlete that the student stopped .	Did the banker admire the athlete ?	yes
The judges recognized the lawyers that resigned .	Did the judges recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The president thanked the senators that recognized the banker .	Did the president thank the senators ?	yes
The artists advised the author that mentioned the judge .	Did the artists advise the author ?	yes
The authors encouraged the professor that the artists avoided .	Did the authors encourage the professor ?	yes
The banker advised the lawyers who the tourists supported .	Did the banker advise the lawyers ?	yes
The actors avoided the artists that danced .	Did the actors avoid the artists ?	yes
The actors saw the doctor who the athlete advised .	Did the actors see the doctor ?	yes
The judges admired the professor that the manager thanked .	Did the judges admire the professor ?	yes
The manager advised the students who performed .	Did the manager advise the students ?	yes
The banker introduced the senators that contacted the actors .	Did the banker introduce the senators ?	yes
The doctor admired the scientists who waited .	Did the doctor admire the scientists ?	yes
The presidents supported the artist who avoided the scientists .	Did the presidents support the artist ?	yes
The managers introduced the senator who the lawyer avoided .	Did the managers introduce the senator ?	yes
The banker avoided the student who recognized the actor .	Did the banker avoid the student ?	yes
The managers encouraged the authors that the lawyers stopped .	Did the managers encourage the authors ?	yes
The authors helped the professor who mentioned the athlete .	Did the authors help the professor ?	yes
The student helped the tourist who the athletes supported .	Did the student help the tourist ?	yes
The authors helped the tourist that danced .	Did the authors help the tourist ?	yes
The judges mentioned the doctors that believed the artists .	Did the judges mention the doctors ?	yes
The scientists mentioned the secretaries who stopped the senators .	Did the scientists mention the secretaries ?	yes
The student recognized the president who resigned .	Did the student recognize the president ?	yes
The professor thanked the judges who helped the author .	Did the professor thank the judges ?	yes
The managers avoided the author who encouraged the professors .	Did the managers avoid the author ?	yes
The athletes believed the tourists that shouted .	Did the athletes believe the tourists ?	yes
The athlete stopped the tourists who admired the artists .	Did the athlete stop the tourists ?	yes
The artists called the authors that slept .	Did the artists call the authors ?	yes
The professors helped the authors who the artist believed .	Did the professors help the authors ?	yes
The author contacted the president who resigned .	Did the author contact the president ?	yes
The athletes introduced the secretaries that the managers recognized .	Did the athletes introduce the secretaries ?	yes
The actor recommended the managers who performed .	Did the actor recommend the managers ?	yes
The scientist introduced the lawyers that the manager saw .	Did the scientist introduce the lawyers ?	yes
The banker called the secretary who performed .	Did the banker call the secretary ?	yes
The athletes saw the tourist who danced .	Did the athletes see the tourist ?	yes
The artists recommended the authors that the bankers contacted .	Did the artists recommend the authors ?	yes
The authors saw the scientist who shouted .	Did the authors see the scientist ?	yes
The actor admired the scientists that the artists avoided .	Did the actor admire the scientists ?	yes
The presidents contacted the tourist that the doctors mentioned .	Did the presidents contact the tourist ?	yes
The lawyers mentioned the president who saw the athlete .	Did the lawyers mention the president ?	yes
The doctors avoided the banker who the judges recommended .	Did the doctors avoid the banker ?	yes
The lawyer supported the managers who waited .	Did the lawyer support the managers ?	yes
The professor stopped the doctors that recognized the athletes .	Did the professor stop the doctors ?	yes
The actors helped the artist that resigned .	Did the actors help the artist ?	yes
The scientists introduced the tourist who the actors encouraged .	Did the scientists introduce the tourist ?	yes
The judge mentioned the actor who the scientist advised .	Did the judge mention the actor ?	yes
The managers saw the professors who danced .	Did the managers see the professors ?	yes
The professors called the student who mentioned the presidents .	Did the professors call the student ?	yes
The senator advised the president that supported the doctors .	Did the senator advise the president ?	yes
The bankers advised the doctor that the tourist introduced .	Did the bankers advise the doctor ?	yes
The presidents contacted the tourist who called the artist .	Did the presidents contact the tourist ?	yes
The lawyer stopped the actor that danced .	Did the lawyer stop the actor ?	yes
The judges encouraged the secretary that avoided the presidents .	Did the judges encourage the secretary ?	yes
The artists called the tourist that the manager introduced .	Did the artists call the tourist ?	yes
The senator believed the students who thanked the lawyer .	Did the senator believe the students ?	yes
The professors recognized the doctors that waited .	Did the professors recognize the doctors ?	yes
The author called the professor who arrived .	Did the author call the professor ?	yes
The scientist contacted the tourists who admired the professor .	Did the scientist contact the tourists ?	yes
The doctor introduced the actor that the lawyers recognized .	Did the doctor introduce the actor ?	yes
The artists saw the judges that slept .	Did the artists see the judges ?	yes
The artist avoided the manager that the judge introduced .	Did the artist avoid the manager ?	yes
The manager saw the actors that admired the athletes .	Did the manager see the actors ?	yes
The lawyers believed the artist who the bankers recognized .	Did the lawyers believe the artist ?	yes
The athletes called the secretaries who performed .	Did the athletes call the secretaries ?	yes
The artist stopped the manager who shouted .	Did the artist stop the manager ?	yes
The scientists advised the athlete that avoided the actor .	Did the scientists advise the athlete ?	yes
The doctor encouraged the tourist that danced .	Did the doctor encourage the tourist ?	yes
The actors avoided the professors that the scientists introduced .	Did the actors avoid the professors ?	yes
The professors recognized the judge that resigned .	Did the professors recognize the judge ?	yes
The authors admired the scientists who stopped the doctor .	Did the authors admire the scientists ?	yes
The professor called the manager that resigned .	Did the professor call the manager ?	yes
The athlete recommended the student who performed .	Did the athlete recommend the student ?	yes
The judges mentioned the senators that recognized the bankers .	Did the judges mention the senators ?	yes
The judges believed the actor that performed .	Did the judges believe the actor ?	yes
The students encouraged the athlete who the actor admired .	Did the students encourage the athlete ?	yes
The secretary contacted the scientist who advised the professors .	Did the secretary contact the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer recognized the author who avoided the secretaries .	Did the lawyer recognize the author ?	yes
The artist helped the bankers who resigned .	Did the artist help the bankers ?	yes
The professor admired the students who recognized the bankers .	Did the professor admire the students ?	yes
The athlete saw the secretaries who advised the senators .	Did the athlete see the secretaries ?	yes
The managers mentioned the doctors that avoided the lawyer .	Did the managers mention the doctors ?	yes
The scientists thanked the artists that the president recommended .	Did the scientists thank the artists ?	yes
The author introduced the doctors that saw the athletes .	Did the author introduce the doctors ?	yes
The bankers contacted the manager who supported the athletes .	Did the bankers contact the manager ?	yes
The scientists recognized the athlete that advised the authors .	Did the scientists recognize the athlete ?	yes
The judge recognized the authors that the athlete recommended .	Did the judge recognize the authors ?	yes
The tourist thanked the secretary that the senators advised .	Did the tourist thank the secretary ?	yes
The professor saw the tourists that the athletes mentioned .	Did the professor see the tourists ?	yes
The athlete stopped the judges that the doctors advised .	Did the athlete stop the judges ?	yes
The judge admired the author that the manager recommended .	Did the judge admire the author ?	yes
The lawyer believed the doctors who performed .	Did the lawyer believe the doctors ?	yes
The senators saw the athletes who resigned .	Did the senators see the athletes ?	yes
The doctors saw the managers who slept .	Did the doctors see the managers ?	yes
The tourists recognized the managers that avoided the authors .	Did the tourists recognize the managers ?	yes
The doctor admired the authors that waited .	Did the doctor admire the authors ?	yes
The doctor stopped the actors that danced .	Did the doctor stop the actors ?	yes
The athlete supported the senators that waited .	Did the athlete support the senators ?	yes
The student encouraged the bankers who the senator recognized .	Did the student encourage the bankers ?	yes
The student saw the tourist that the bankers contacted .	Did the student see the tourist ?	yes
The president helped the senators who advised the manager .	Did the president help the senators ?	yes
The president called the scientists who ran .	Did the president call the scientists ?	yes
The senator believed the judge that the tourist thanked .	Did the senator believe the judge ?	yes
The president avoided the lawyers who saw the scientists .	Did the president avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The professor stopped the scientists who ran .	Did the professor stop the scientists ?	yes
The athletes supported the students that encouraged the senators .	Did the athletes support the students ?	yes
The tourists thanked the athletes that waited .	Did the tourists thank the athletes ?	yes
The judge encouraged the athletes that helped the manager .	Did the judge encourage the athletes ?	yes
The student recommended the judges who the lawyer advised .	Did the student recommend the judges ?	yes
The student introduced the actor who the professors thanked .	Did the student introduce the actor ?	yes
The senator contacted the secretaries that the judges mentioned .	Did the senator contact the secretaries ?	yes
The managers recognized the banker that supported the athlete .	Did the managers recognize the banker ?	yes
The doctors avoided the scientist who shouted .	Did the doctors avoid the scientist ?	yes
The professor recognized the manager that the lawyer introduced .	Did the professor recognize the manager ?	yes
The scientist supported the banker that resigned .	Did the scientist support the banker ?	yes
The managers called the presidents that ran .	Did the managers call the presidents ?	yes
The doctor avoided the athlete that supported the scientists .	Did the doctor avoid the athlete ?	yes
The managers admired the judge that encouraged the scientists .	Did the managers admire the judge ?	yes
The athletes helped the scientist that danced .	Did the athletes help the scientist ?	yes
The professor stopped the authors who arrived .	Did the professor stop the authors ?	yes
The senators admired the professor that thanked the secretary .	Did the senators admire the professor ?	yes
The actor helped the scientist that the judges contacted .	Did the actor help the scientist ?	yes
The author supported the tourists who arrived .	Did the author support the tourists ?	yes
The presidents helped the tourists that ran .	Did the presidents help the tourists ?	yes
The artist recommended the banker who helped the judges .	Did the artist recommend the banker ?	yes
The banker avoided the senators that the students admired .	Did the banker avoid the senators ?	yes
The lawyer encouraged the managers who recognized the senator .	Did the lawyer encourage the managers ?	yes
The athlete saw the scientists that resigned .	Did the athlete see the scientists ?	yes
The manager called the scientist who the lawyers recognized .	Did the manager call the scientist ?	yes
The bankers recognized the actor that the secretary introduced .	Did the bankers recognize the actor ?	yes
The judge supported the senator who admired the author .	Did the judge support the senator ?	yes
The tourists recognized the scientist who performed .	Did the tourists recognize the scientist ?	yes
The president supported the author that the actors saw .	Did the president support the author ?	yes
The tourist mentioned the secretary who performed .	Did the tourist mention the secretary ?	yes
The banker advised the manager that avoided the president .	Did the banker advise the manager ?	yes
The lawyers mentioned the professor that the judges introduced .	Did the lawyers mention the professor ?	yes
The athlete stopped the scientist that avoided the authors .	Did the athlete stop the scientist ?	yes
The authors recommended the doctor that believed the scientists .	Did the authors recommend the doctor ?	yes
The artist thanked the secretaries that the doctor encouraged .	Did the artist thank the secretaries ?	yes
The professors helped the managers who advised the artist .	Did the professors help the managers ?	yes
The president recognized the student that the secretary stopped .	Did the president recognize the student ?	yes
The secretaries advised the authors that believed the student .	Did the secretaries advise the authors ?	yes
The presidents introduced the doctors who recommended the students .	Did the presidents introduce the doctors ?	yes
The student saw the actor that introduced the president .	Did the student see the actor ?	yes
The professors believed the authors that ran .	Did the professors believe the authors ?	yes
The tourist mentioned the judges that shouted .	Did the tourist mention the judges ?	yes
The artists recommended the tourists that shouted .	Did the artists recommend the tourists ?	yes
The artists contacted the tourists who ran .	Did the artists contact the tourists ?	yes
The senator recommended the tourist who believed the managers .	Did the senator recommend the tourist ?	yes
The manager supported the athlete that saw the authors .	Did the manager support the athlete ?	yes
The scientist believed the tourist who stopped the authors .	Did the scientist believe the tourist ?	yes
The senators believed the lawyers who admired the tourist .	Did the senators believe the lawyers ?	yes
The tourist admired the professor who performed .	Did the tourist admire the professor ?	yes
The senator stopped the tourist that the managers contacted .	Did the senator stop the tourist ?	yes
The scientist introduced the student who the athlete called .	Did the scientist introduce the student ?	yes
The presidents helped the doctor that shouted .	Did the presidents help the doctor ?	yes
The actor introduced the managers who waited .	Did the actor introduce the managers ?	yes
The actor helped the athletes that the author contacted .	Did the actor help the athletes ?	yes
The doctor mentioned the professor who slept .	Did the doctor mention the professor ?	yes
The scientist thanked the manager that contacted the banker .	Did the scientist thank the manager ?	yes
The bankers encouraged the doctors who the actors believed .	Did the bankers encourage the doctors ?	yes
The student helped the senator that called the judge .	Did the student help the senator ?	yes
The lawyer saw the professor who danced .	Did the lawyer see the professor ?	yes
The banker contacted the secretary who danced .	Did the banker contact the secretary ?	yes
The actor advised the scientist that danced .	Did the actor advise the scientist ?	yes
The author advised the senators that avoided the presidents .	Did the author advise the senators ?	yes
The tourists mentioned the senator who the scientists stopped .	Did the tourists mention the senator ?	yes
The scientist called the actor who arrived .	Did the scientist call the actor ?	yes
The professors recognized the lawyers that the scientists believed .	Did the professors recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The actor introduced the professor that admired the scientist .	Did the actor introduce the professor ?	yes
The authors recognized the banker who slept .	Did the authors recognize the banker ?	yes
The judge helped the tourist that saw the professor .	Did the judge help the tourist ?	yes
The actors encouraged the senators that recommended the banker .	Did the actors encourage the senators ?	yes
The athlete believed the actor who saw the professor .	Did the athlete believe the actor ?	yes
The judges thanked the actor that slept .	Did the judges thank the actor ?	yes
The scientist mentioned the senator who the athletes saw .	Did the scientist mention the senator ?	yes
The banker thanked the judge who slept .	Did the banker thank the judge ?	yes
The banker recognized the tourist who the senator supported .	Did the banker recognize the tourist ?	yes
The athlete stopped the doctors who slept .	Did the athlete stop the doctors ?	yes
The professor recognized the bankers who the athlete believed .	Did the professor recognize the bankers ?	yes
The authors believed the professor who the managers thanked .	Did the authors believe the professor ?	yes
The athletes called the doctor who the professor admired .	Did the athletes call the doctor ?	yes
The scientist called the artists that performed .	Did the scientist call the artists ?	yes
The secretaries advised the senators by the athletes .	Did the secretaries advise the senators ?	yes
The authors thanked the athletes in front of the lawyers .	Did the authors thank the athletes ?	yes
The authors supported the judges in front of the doctor .	Did the authors support the judges ?	yes
The tourist recommended the banker next to the presidents .	Did the tourist recommend the banker ?	yes
The senator recognized the secretaries behind the athlete .	Did the senator recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The professor called the student in front of the secretary .	Did the professor call the student ?	yes
The authors advised the judge in front of the managers .	Did the authors advise the judge ?	yes
The actor stopped the professor in front of the student .	Did the actor stop the professor ?	yes
The banker contacted the judges by the scientists .	Did the banker contact the judges ?	yes
The professor recommended the president in front of the author .	Did the professor recommend the president ?	yes
The artists recognized the scientist in front of the banker .	Did the artists recognize the scientist ?	yes
The professors avoided the presidents in front of the actor .	Did the professors avoid the presidents ?	yes
The bankers recommended the authors in front of the athletes .	Did the bankers recommend the authors ?	yes
The secretary recommended the judges in front of the authors .	Did the secretary recommend the judges ?	yes
The scientists saw the actor by the professor .	Did the scientists see the actor ?	yes
The lawyer stopped the athletes by the student .	Did the lawyer stop the athletes ?	yes
The artists supported the presidents behind the lawyers .	Did the artists support the presidents ?	yes
The actor thanked the doctors in front of the student .	Did the actor thank the doctors ?	yes
The lawyers advised the athlete near the senators .	Did the lawyers advise the athlete ?	yes
The professors called the scientist near the author .	Did the professors call the scientist ?	yes
The secretary contacted the tourist next to the lawyer .	Did the secretary contact the tourist ?	yes
The students mentioned the senator next to the lawyer .	Did the students mention the senator ?	yes
The athlete helped the judge next to the student .	Did the athlete help the judge ?	yes
The professors believed the author in front of the senator .	Did the professors believe the author ?	yes
The student recognized the artist by the professors .	Did the student recognize the artist ?	yes
The professors saw the presidents behind the lawyers .	Did the professors see the presidents ?	yes
The secretaries recommended the artists near the presidents .	Did the secretaries recommend the artists ?	yes
The senator recognized the actor next to the artists .	Did the senator recognize the actor ?	yes
The secretary introduced the senator by the tourists .	Did the secretary introduce the senator ?	yes
The artists introduced the professor by the athletes .	Did the artists introduce the professor ?	yes
The judge supported the doctors next to the scientist .	Did the judge support the doctors ?	yes
The professor advised the artist behind the banker .	Did the professor advise the artist ?	yes
The scientist called the artists behind the student .	Did the scientist call the artists ?	yes
The students believed the tourist in front of the athlete .	Did the students believe the tourist ?	yes
The artists contacted the actors behind the judges .	Did the artists contact the actors ?	yes
The actor helped the author in front of the artist .	Did the actor help the author ?	yes
The scientists supported the students near the judges .	Did the scientists support the students ?	yes
The students mentioned the banker next to the artists .	Did the students mention the banker ?	yes
The artists helped the president by the tourist .	Did the artists help the president ?	yes
The manager admired the authors next to the professors .	Did the manager admire the authors ?	yes
The manager advised the artists behind the lawyer .	Did the manager advise the artists ?	yes
The tourists stopped the bankers next to the managers .	Did the tourists stop the bankers ?	yes
The doctor recognized the secretary behind the authors .	Did the doctor recognize the secretary ?	yes
The presidents recognized the bankers by the secretary .	Did the presidents recognize the bankers ?	yes
The senators contacted the athletes by the professor .	Did the senators contact the athletes ?	yes
The artist recommended the banker by the scientist .	Did the artist recommend the banker ?	yes
The artist admired the professor next to the lawyer .	Did the artist admire the professor ?	yes
The judges avoided the senators by the authors .	Did the judges avoid the senators ?	yes
The students recognized the secretary next to the banker .	Did the students recognize the secretary ?	yes
The students stopped the lawyers behind the tourist .	Did the students stop the lawyers ?	yes
The student supported the actors in front of the bankers .	Did the student support the actors ?	yes
The scientist thanked the judge in front of the tourist .	Did the scientist thank the judge ?	yes
The tourist recommended the presidents next to the student .	Did the tourist recommend the presidents ?	yes
The presidents encouraged the doctor by the actors .	Did the presidents encourage the doctor ?	yes
The student called the authors in front of the artist .	Did the student call the authors ?	yes
The senator called the students in front of the professor .	Did the senator call the students ?	yes
The judge contacted the doctors near the athletes .	Did the judge contact the doctors ?	yes
The athletes contacted the senator next to the managers .	Did the athletes contact the senator ?	yes
The senator recognized the judges near the actor .	Did the senator recognize the judges ?	yes
The tourist stopped the secretaries near the professors .	Did the tourist stop the secretaries ?	yes
The students called the author next to the athlete .	Did the students call the author ?	yes
The professor mentioned the doctors in front of the author .	Did the professor mention the doctors ?	yes
The tourists recommended the secretaries near the senator .	Did the tourists recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The presidents avoided the lawyers next to the bankers .	Did the presidents avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The authors encouraged the judge by the athlete .	Did the authors encourage the judge ?	yes
The lawyer stopped the professor by the manager .	Did the lawyer stop the professor ?	yes
The doctor advised the professors next to the managers .	Did the doctor advise the professors ?	yes
The student called the senator next to the judges .	Did the student call the senator ?	yes
The athletes introduced the lawyer by the senators .	Did the athletes introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The president believed the athlete next to the lawyer .	Did the president believe the athlete ?	yes
The bankers thanked the artist by the professor .	Did the bankers thank the artist ?	yes
The president recommended the judges in front of the tourists .	Did the president recommend the judges ?	yes
The authors recognized the judge behind the lawyer .	Did the authors recognize the judge ?	yes
The actors encouraged the managers near the tourist .	Did the actors encourage the managers ?	yes
The president recognized the author behind the tourist .	Did the president recognize the author ?	yes
The artists encouraged the lawyers in front of the judges .	Did the artists encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The judge helped the artists next to the author .	Did the judge help the artists ?	yes
The secretary called the presidents near the manager .	Did the secretary call the presidents ?	yes
The actor advised the artist in front of the secretary .	Did the actor advise the artist ?	yes
The bankers introduced the professor next to the manager .	Did the bankers introduce the professor ?	yes
The author stopped the tourists in front of the scientist .	Did the author stop the tourists ?	yes
The student mentioned the scientist near the manager .	Did the student mention the scientist ?	yes
The judges called the professors by the president .	Did the judges call the professors ?	yes
The professors admired the senator next to the judges .	Did the professors admire the senator ?	yes
The senator believed the judges near the bankers .	Did the senator believe the judges ?	yes
The doctors contacted the presidents next to the judge .	Did the doctors contact the presidents ?	yes
The judges encouraged the student in front of the senators .	Did the judges encourage the student ?	yes
The president recommended the professor by the tourist .	Did the president recommend the professor ?	yes
The tourists called the actors in front of the artist .	Did the tourists call the actors ?	yes
The bankers mentioned the artists by the secretary .	Did the bankers mention the artists ?	yes
The author stopped the artists in front of the secretary .	Did the author stop the artists ?	yes
The professor advised the students by the judges .	Did the professor advise the students ?	yes
The artists supported the doctors next to the athletes .	Did the artists support the doctors ?	yes
The professors helped the bankers in front of the scientist .	Did the professors help the bankers ?	yes
The judge called the authors in front of the student .	Did the judge call the authors ?	yes
The students thanked the banker next to the artist .	Did the students thank the banker ?	yes
The artists supported the doctors behind the president .	Did the artists support the doctors ?	yes
The lawyers contacted the manager by the professor .	Did the lawyers contact the manager ?	yes
The actor recognized the president in front of the tourists .	Did the actor recognize the president ?	yes
The athletes avoided the artist in front of the author .	Did the athletes avoid the artist ?	yes
The bankers believed the student behind the actors .	Did the bankers believe the student ?	yes
The professor advised the scientists in front of the judge .	Did the professor advise the scientists ?	yes
The judge helped the manager by the doctors .	Did the judge help the manager ?	yes
The secretary mentioned the professors by the author .	Did the secretary mention the professors ?	yes
The secretary supported the tourist by the actor .	Did the secretary support the tourist ?	yes
The presidents recognized the professors behind the tourists .	Did the presidents recognize the professors ?	yes
The banker mentioned the lawyer behind the judge .	Did the banker mention the lawyer ?	yes
The student believed the managers behind the scientist .	Did the student believe the managers ?	yes
The managers contacted the lawyer next to the artists .	Did the managers contact the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyer thanked the students in front of the athletes .	Did the lawyer thank the students ?	yes
The athlete called the senator next to the judges .	Did the athlete call the senator ?	yes
The scientists admired the doctor near the student .	Did the scientists admire the doctor ?	yes
The presidents saw the scientist next to the senators .	Did the presidents see the scientist ?	yes
The scientists advised the banker by the senators .	Did the scientists advise the banker ?	yes
The tourists recommended the manager in front of the lawyers .	Did the tourists recommend the manager ?	yes
The doctor recognized the actor next to the professors .	Did the doctor recognize the actor ?	yes
The bankers avoided the professor behind the doctor .	Did the bankers avoid the professor ?	yes
The banker saw the manager behind the judges .	Did the banker see the manager ?	yes
The scientist encouraged the manager by the judges .	Did the scientist encourage the manager ?	yes
The banker mentioned the tourist next to the student .	Did the banker mention the tourist ?	yes
The scientists supported the professor in front of the athlete .	Did the scientists support the professor ?	yes
The student advised the athlete behind the secretary .	Did the student advise the athlete ?	yes
The scientists recommended the artists behind the presidents .	Did the scientists recommend the artists ?	yes
The secretaries called the doctor behind the senators .	Did the secretaries call the doctor ?	yes
The secretary introduced the actors behind the scientists .	Did the secretary introduce the actors ?	yes
The athlete thanked the professors near the student .	Did the athlete thank the professors ?	yes
The actors called the lawyers behind the tourists .	Did the actors call the lawyers ?	yes
The authors believed the manager behind the professors .	Did the authors believe the manager ?	yes
The senators stopped the judge by the tourists .	Did the senators stop the judge ?	yes
The judges contacted the student next to the tourist .	Did the judges contact the student ?	yes
The banker thanked the authors near the artist .	Did the banker thank the authors ?	yes
The doctor introduced the managers in front of the students .	Did the doctor introduce the managers ?	yes
The manager mentioned the doctor next to the professors .	Did the manager mention the doctor ?	yes
The tourists thanked the president behind the doctors .	Did the tourists thank the president ?	yes
The bankers thanked the artists behind the judge .	Did the bankers thank the artists ?	yes
The banker believed the tourists next to the artist .	Did the banker believe the tourists ?	yes
The president recognized the manager by the artist .	Did the president recognize the manager ?	yes
The judges introduced the scientists by the professors .	Did the judges introduce the scientists ?	yes
The athlete introduced the doctor behind the students .	Did the athlete introduce the doctor ?	yes
The presidents recommended the professor by the athlete .	Did the presidents recommend the professor ?	yes
The scientist stopped the athlete in front of the actors .	Did the scientist stop the athlete ?	yes
The authors admired the artists behind the tourist .	Did the authors admire the artists ?	yes
The presidents recommended the secretary near the professors .	Did the presidents recommend the secretary ?	yes
The scientists saw the judge in front of the lawyer .	Did the scientists see the judge ?	yes
The senators admired the tourists behind the students .	Did the senators admire the tourists ?	yes
The banker recognized the author near the doctors .	Did the banker recognize the author ?	yes
The professors encouraged the senator in front of the banker .	Did the professors encourage the senator ?	yes
The doctors contacted the actor next to the athletes .	Did the doctors contact the actor ?	yes
The banker recognized the artist behind the secretary .	Did the banker recognize the artist ?	yes
The manager introduced the banker by the secretary .	Did the manager introduce the banker ?	yes
The presidents introduced the lawyer behind the authors .	Did the presidents introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The judge stopped the lawyer near the manager .	Did the judge stop the lawyer ?	yes
The president recognized the athlete next to the student .	Did the president recognize the athlete ?	yes
The lawyers called the scientist in front of the presidents .	Did the lawyers call the scientist ?	yes
The judge admired the managers in front of the tourist .	Did the judge admire the managers ?	yes
The president contacted the athletes near the lawyers .	Did the president contact the athletes ?	yes
The managers contacted the senator in front of the banker .	Did the managers contact the senator ?	yes
The artist helped the professor next to the senator .	Did the artist help the professor ?	yes
The lawyers called the professor in front of the senators .	Did the lawyers call the professor ?	yes
The authors believed the student by the actor .	Did the authors believe the student ?	yes
The lawyers introduced the secretary by the professor .	Did the lawyers introduce the secretary ?	yes
The athlete introduced the artists next to the tourist .	Did the athlete introduce the artists ?	yes
The judges thanked the professor in front of the tourist .	Did the judges thank the professor ?	yes
The authors supported the secretary next to the tourist .	Did the authors support the secretary ?	yes
The athletes called the banker next to the lawyers .	Did the athletes call the banker ?	yes
The scientists admired the lawyer next to the actor .	Did the scientists admire the lawyer ?	yes
The doctors introduced the professor in front of the author .	Did the doctors introduce the professor ?	yes
The banker contacted the artist in front of the judges .	Did the banker contact the artist ?	yes
The tourist stopped the artist by the scientists .	Did the tourist stop the artist ?	yes
The athletes admired the students by the artists .	Did the athletes admire the students ?	yes
The lawyer encouraged the judge next to the scientist .	Did the lawyer encourage the judge ?	yes
The president called the doctors next to the manager .	Did the president call the doctors ?	yes
The professors thanked the bankers next to the manager .	Did the professors thank the bankers ?	yes
The student called the author behind the lawyers .	Did the student call the author ?	yes
The scientist mentioned the actors next to the lawyers .	Did the scientist mention the actors ?	yes
The scientist supported the president by the tourist .	Did the scientist support the president ?	yes
The presidents mentioned the lawyer behind the secretary .	Did the presidents mention the lawyer ?	yes
The authors thanked the judges behind the lawyers .	Did the authors thank the judges ?	yes
The president advised the bankers behind the lawyers .	Did the president advise the bankers ?	yes
The tourists avoided the doctors by the professor .	Did the tourists avoid the doctors ?	yes
The artist saw the professor behind the tourist .	Did the artist see the professor ?	yes
The scientists introduced the secretaries near the judges .	Did the scientists introduce the secretaries ?	yes
The senator saw the student by the managers .	Did the senator see the student ?	yes
The senators believed the professors next to the athletes .	Did the senators believe the professors ?	yes
The senators helped the secretary in front of the artist .	Did the senators help the secretary ?	yes
The doctors believed the professor near the scientist .	Did the doctors believe the professor ?	yes
The doctors called the judge near the secretaries .	Did the doctors call the judge ?	yes
The athlete called the judges near the author .	Did the athlete call the judges ?	yes
The lawyer introduced the artists by the bankers .	Did the lawyer introduce the artists ?	yes
The judges avoided the tourists next to the author .	Did the judges avoid the tourists ?	yes
The author recognized the president in front of the judge .	Did the author recognize the president ?	yes
The professors advised the manager in front of the senators .	Did the professors advise the manager ?	yes
The tourists recommended the doctor by the author .	Did the tourists recommend the doctor ?	yes
The athlete helped the scientists behind the doctor .	Did the athlete help the scientists ?	yes
The scientist helped the student in front of the doctor .	Did the scientist help the student ?	yes
The lawyers thanked the tourist near the professor .	Did the lawyers thank the tourist ?	yes
The presidents introduced the secretary next to the athlete .	Did the presidents introduce the secretary ?	yes
The athletes believed the secretaries by the scientist .	Did the athletes believe the secretaries ?	yes
The tourists recognized the presidents by the athlete .	Did the tourists recognize the presidents ?	yes
The lawyers believed the professor by the secretaries .	Did the lawyers believe the professor ?	yes
The judge mentioned the tourists by the scientists .	Did the judge mention the tourists ?	yes
The athletes contacted the professors behind the artists .	Did the athletes contact the professors ?	yes
The secretaries admired the presidents in front of the doctors .	Did the secretaries admire the presidents ?	yes
The doctors stopped the manager in front of the banker .	Did the doctors stop the manager ?	yes
The banker encouraged the president next to the secretaries .	Did the banker encourage the president ?	yes
The student thanked the doctors in front of the lawyer .	Did the student thank the doctors ?	yes
The athletes recommended the students next to the judges .	Did the athletes recommend the students ?	yes
The tourist avoided the scientists in front of the artist .	Did the tourist avoid the scientists ?	yes
The secretaries contacted the student next to the tourist .	Did the secretaries contact the student ?	yes
The secretaries stopped the professor in front of the president .	Did the secretaries stop the professor ?	yes
The artists introduced the managers by the scientists .	Did the artists introduce the managers ?	yes
The tourist saw the secretaries behind the managers .	Did the tourist see the secretaries ?	yes
The student mentioned the professors next to the scientist .	Did the student mention the professors ?	yes
The athletes advised the lawyer in front of the managers .	Did the athletes advise the lawyer ?	yes
The professors called the president in front of the authors .	Did the professors call the president ?	yes
The student advised the judges near the bankers .	Did the student advise the judges ?	yes
The lawyer contacted the tourists near the artist .	Did the lawyer contact the tourists ?	yes
The actors thanked the athlete by the authors .	Did the actors thank the athlete ?	yes
The presidents recognized the judges in front of the author .	Did the presidents recognize the judges ?	yes
The secretary avoided the scientists next to the banker .	Did the secretary avoid the scientists ?	yes
The authors supported the athletes by the doctors .	Did the authors support the athletes ?	yes
The senator believed the tourist in front of the secretary .	Did the senator believe the tourist ?	yes
The secretary advised the artists by the managers .	Did the secretary advise the artists ?	yes
The scientist contacted the bankers near the judge .	Did the scientist contact the bankers ?	yes
The tourist supported the actors in front of the secretaries .	Did the tourist support the actors ?	yes
The student encouraged the judges next to the professor .	Did the student encourage the judges ?	yes
The secretaries called the doctors behind the managers .	Did the secretaries call the doctors ?	yes
The secretary saw the tourists near the bankers .	Did the secretary see the tourists ?	yes
The author stopped the professors in front of the senator .	Did the author stop the professors ?	yes
The presidents admired the students near the tourist .	Did the presidents admire the students ?	yes
The artist helped the scientist in front of the tourists .	Did the artist help the scientist ?	yes
The athlete avoided the authors in front of the scientist .	Did the athlete avoid the authors ?	yes
The actors called the secretary by the artists .	Did the actors call the secretary ?	yes
The artists admired the tourists next to the author .	Did the artists admire the tourists ?	yes
The artist encouraged the students near the tourist .	Did the artist encourage the students ?	yes
The actors contacted the athlete near the student .	Did the actors contact the athlete ?	yes
The banker called the secretaries in front of the artist .	Did the banker call the secretaries ?	yes
The doctor called the lawyer by the scientists .	Did the doctor call the lawyer ?	yes
The senator believed the judge behind the bankers .	Did the senator believe the judge ?	yes
The managers avoided the doctor in front of the bankers .	Did the managers avoid the doctor ?	yes
The authors introduced the judge by the doctor .	Did the authors introduce the judge ?	yes
The artist advised the scientist next to the lawyers .	Did the artist advise the scientist ?	yes
The scientists encouraged the doctors in front of the authors .	Did the scientists encourage the doctors ?	yes
The professor helped the doctors in front of the student .	Did the professor help the doctors ?	yes
The presidents mentioned the bankers by the secretaries .	Did the presidents mention the bankers ?	yes
The banker contacted the tourist by the scientists .	Did the banker contact the tourist ?	yes
The senator supported the athlete by the banker .	Did the senator support the athlete ?	yes
The tourists avoided the president by the actor .	Did the tourists avoid the president ?	yes
The lawyer thanked the student near the scientist .	Did the lawyer thank the student ?	yes
The athletes admired the judge behind the senator .	Did the athletes admire the judge ?	yes
The banker avoided the lawyers near the senator .	Did the banker avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The athlete helped the banker behind the author .	Did the athlete help the banker ?	yes
The scientist advised the athlete in front of the author .	Did the scientist advise the athlete ?	yes
The doctors thanked the scientist by the actors .	Did the doctors thank the scientist ?	yes
The artists helped the author next to the president .	Did the artists help the author ?	yes
The judge recommended the tourists behind the senators .	Did the judge recommend the tourists ?	yes
The professors advised the president near the scientists .	Did the professors advise the president ?	yes
The secretaries called the judges next to the doctor .	Did the secretaries call the judges ?	yes
The athletes avoided the judge in front of the presidents .	Did the athletes avoid the judge ?	yes
The tourist recommended the doctors in front of the senator .	Did the tourist recommend the doctors ?	yes
The doctor helped the artist near the authors .	Did the doctor help the artist ?	yes
The artist admired the actors in front of the authors .	Did the artist admire the actors ?	yes
The artists recognized the student by the bankers .	Did the artists recognize the student ?	yes
The scientists believed the doctors behind the bankers .	Did the scientists believe the doctors ?	yes
The scientist recommended the senator by the professor .	Did the scientist recommend the senator ?	yes
The athlete advised the doctor next to the secretary .	Did the athlete advise the doctor ?	yes
The athlete contacted the artists by the judge .	Did the athlete contact the artists ?	yes
The judges introduced the athlete next to the scientists .	Did the judges introduce the athlete ?	yes
The authors contacted the senator in front of the secretary .	Did the authors contact the senator ?	yes
The secretaries saw the author near the athletes .	Did the secretaries see the author ?	yes
The managers recognized the athlete by the actor .	Did the managers recognize the athlete ?	yes
The tourists avoided the senator by the secretary .	Did the tourists avoid the senator ?	yes
The doctor introduced the president by the secretary .	Did the doctor introduce the president ?	yes
The presidents supported the judge near the professors .	Did the presidents support the judge ?	yes
The professor recognized the artists in front of the author .	Did the professor recognize the artists ?	yes
The judges advised the senators by the manager .	Did the judges advise the senators ?	yes
The author contacted the student next to the senator .	Did the author contact the student ?	yes
The judges mentioned the student next to the doctors .	Did the judges mention the student ?	yes
The manager stopped the scientists next to the artist .	Did the manager stop the scientists ?	yes
The professors thanked the senator behind the judge .	Did the professors thank the senator ?	yes
The tourists stopped the professor near the actors .	Did the tourists stop the professor ?	yes
The senators mentioned the professors behind the presidents .	Did the senators mention the professors ?	yes
The secretary stopped the actor by the manager .	Did the secretary stop the actor ?	yes
The managers encouraged the student behind the authors .	Did the managers encourage the student ?	yes
The lawyers supported the athlete near the actors .	Did the lawyers support the athlete ?	yes
The artist encouraged the judges next to the author .	Did the artist encourage the judges ?	yes
The artist encouraged the judges next to the managers .	Did the artist encourage the judges ?	yes
The bankers supported the president in front of the judges .	Did the bankers support the president ?	yes
The doctor introduced the judge next to the students .	Did the doctor introduce the judge ?	yes
The athletes contacted the doctors in front of the judges .	Did the athletes contact the doctors ?	yes
The athlete introduced the author in front of the lawyer .	Did the athlete introduce the author ?	yes
The lawyers stopped the managers next to the actors .	Did the lawyers stop the managers ?	yes
The lawyers advised the artist in front of the doctors .	Did the lawyers advise the artist ?	yes
The artists contacted the actor next to the athletes .	Did the artists contact the actor ?	yes
The doctors avoided the athlete near the author .	Did the doctors avoid the athlete ?	yes
The senator contacted the manager behind the scientists .	Did the senator contact the manager ?	yes
The students advised the judges behind the actors .	Did the students advise the judges ?	yes
The artist supported the authors behind the doctors .	Did the artist support the authors ?	yes
The managers advised the senator next to the president .	Did the managers advise the senator ?	yes
The student avoided the presidents behind the artist .	Did the student avoid the presidents ?	yes
The artist avoided the president behind the scientist .	Did the artist avoid the president ?	yes
The artists believed the bankers in front of the professors .	Did the artists believe the bankers ?	yes
The lawyers mentioned the author in front of the student .	Did the lawyers mention the author ?	yes
The lawyer recommended the president behind the bankers .	Did the lawyer recommend the president ?	yes
The secretaries advised the tourists next to the senator .	Did the secretaries advise the tourists ?	yes
The authors advised the student behind the judge .	Did the authors advise the student ?	yes
The judge contacted the presidents by the students .	Did the judge contact the presidents ?	yes
The tourist introduced the senators near the presidents .	Did the tourist introduce the senators ?	yes
The senator contacted the athletes near the author .	Did the senator contact the athletes ?	yes
The athletes admired the doctors next to the lawyer .	Did the athletes admire the doctors ?	yes
The tourist mentioned the banker near the actors .	Did the tourist mention the banker ?	yes
The judges stopped the author behind the senators .	Did the judges stop the author ?	yes
The judges contacted the students next to the secretaries .	Did the judges contact the students ?	yes
The scientist saw the professor next to the actor .	Did the scientist see the professor ?	yes
The managers called the presidents behind the artists .	Did the managers call the presidents ?	yes
The scientists recommended the doctor next to the senator .	Did the scientists recommend the doctor ?	yes
The doctor mentioned the authors in front of the secretaries .	Did the doctor mention the authors ?	yes
The secretaries recognized the doctor in front of the lawyers .	Did the secretaries recognize the doctor ?	yes
The secretary avoided the president in front of the managers .	Did the secretary avoid the president ?	yes
The secretary supported the athletes next to the banker .	Did the secretary support the athletes ?	yes
The artist helped the authors behind the banker .	Did the artist help the authors ?	yes
The authors encouraged the scientist by the actor .	Did the authors encourage the scientist ?	yes
The secretaries encouraged the tourist behind the athletes .	Did the secretaries encourage the tourist ?	yes
The lawyers contacted the manager in front of the authors .	Did the lawyers contact the manager ?	yes
The actors admired the student behind the professor .	Did the actors admire the student ?	yes
The student thanked the president next to the lawyers .	Did the student thank the president ?	yes
The managers encouraged the bankers by the students .	Did the managers encourage the bankers ?	yes
The lawyers recognized the actor by the managers .	Did the lawyers recognize the actor ?	yes
The senators believed the student next to the president .	Did the senators believe the student ?	yes
The senators avoided the manager near the president .	Did the senators avoid the manager ?	yes
The senator mentioned the actor behind the athlete .	Did the senator mention the actor ?	yes
The athletes called the managers near the secretaries .	Did the athletes call the managers ?	yes
The judge encouraged the artist by the student .	Did the judge encourage the artist ?	yes
The manager believed the banker by the scientist .	Did the manager believe the banker ?	yes
The scientist thanked the secretaries in front of the lawyer .	Did the scientist thank the secretaries ?	yes
The senators introduced the athlete in front of the artists .	Did the senators introduce the athlete ?	yes
The scientist recommended the judges behind the tourist .	Did the scientist recommend the judges ?	yes
The senators helped the student behind the judges .	Did the senators help the student ?	yes
The actors mentioned the tourists in front of the judge .	Did the actors mention the tourists ?	yes
The professor believed the secretaries near the judge .	Did the professor believe the secretaries ?	yes
The athletes contacted the lawyers by the secretaries .	Did the athletes contact the lawyers ?	yes
The secretaries introduced the professor next to the athletes .	Did the secretaries introduce the professor ?	yes
The students advised the secretaries near the doctor .	Did the students advise the secretaries ?	yes
The tourist encouraged the actor near the scientist .	Did the tourist encourage the actor ?	yes
The authors contacted the artist by the doctors .	Did the authors contact the artist ?	yes
The secretary saw the authors next to the student .	Did the secretary see the authors ?	yes
The tourists mentioned the athletes next to the scientists .	Did the tourists mention the athletes ?	yes
The tourist thanked the senators behind the lawyer .	Did the tourist thank the senators ?	yes
The bankers thanked the manager next to the artist .	Did the bankers thank the manager ?	yes
The tourists helped the banker behind the secretary .	Did the tourists help the banker ?	yes
The judges called the presidents behind the actors .	Did the judges call the presidents ?	yes
The doctor recognized the secretary by the tourists .	Did the doctor recognize the secretary ?	yes
The doctors contacted the tourists in front of the secretaries .	Did the doctors contact the tourists ?	yes
The banker admired the lawyer by the actors .	Did the banker admire the lawyer ?	yes
The artist recognized the secretaries next to the athlete .	Did the artist recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The banker admired the authors next to the senators .	Did the banker admire the authors ?	yes
The students believed the managers in front of the lawyers .	Did the students believe the managers ?	yes
The author believed the secretaries by the student .	Did the author believe the secretaries ?	yes
The tourist encouraged the secretary by the artist .	Did the tourist encourage the secretary ?	yes
The managers supported the actor next to the lawyers .	Did the managers support the actor ?	yes
The artist helped the manager near the presidents .	Did the artist help the manager ?	yes
The scientists mentioned the senator near the tourists .	Did the scientists mention the senator ?	yes
The student recommended the manager in front of the presidents .	Did the student recommend the manager ?	yes
The lawyer recognized the doctor in front of the president .	Did the lawyer recognize the doctor ?	yes
The judge recognized the lawyers in front of the president .	Did the judge recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The judge avoided the athlete next to the manager .	Did the judge avoid the athlete ?	yes
The professors believed the lawyer near the bankers .	Did the professors believe the lawyer ?	yes
The president thanked the authors in front of the professors .	Did the president thank the authors ?	yes
The author advised the judge behind the professors .	Did the author advise the judge ?	yes
The lawyer recommended the students by the doctors .	Did the lawyer recommend the students ?	yes
The athletes admired the doctor by the professors .	Did the athletes admire the doctor ?	yes
The manager mentioned the senator in front of the scientists .	Did the manager mention the senator ?	yes
The athlete advised the artist behind the presidents .	Did the athlete advise the artist ?	yes
The author supported the secretary next to the doctors .	Did the author support the secretary ?	yes
The judge stopped the student in front of the professors .	Did the judge stop the student ?	yes
The doctor admired the professors in front of the secretaries .	Did the doctor admire the professors ?	yes
The actor thanked the students near the managers .	Did the actor thank the students ?	yes
The judges advised the lawyer in front of the senators .	Did the judges advise the lawyer ?	yes
The actors admired the athletes in front of the professor .	Did the actors admire the athletes ?	yes
The tourist supported the students near the professor .	Did the tourist support the students ?	yes
The managers advised the secretaries near the athlete .	Did the managers advise the secretaries ?	yes
The athlete stopped the doctors next to the tourist .	Did the athlete stop the doctors ?	yes
The athletes encouraged the judge in front of the doctors .	Did the athletes encourage the judge ?	yes
The doctors mentioned the lawyers near the senators .	Did the doctors mention the lawyers ?	yes
The banker mentioned the lawyers near the actor .	Did the banker mention the lawyers ?	yes
The president admired the judges by the tourists .	Did the president admire the judges ?	yes
The senator called the secretary in front of the athlete .	Did the senator call the secretary ?	yes
The senator admired the professor behind the bankers .	Did the senator admire the professor ?	yes
The presidents avoided the bankers by the students .	Did the presidents avoid the bankers ?	yes
The presidents thanked the scientists in front of the bankers .	Did the presidents thank the scientists ?	yes
The tourists introduced the president by the actor .	Did the tourists introduce the president ?	yes
The actor supported the judge behind the manager .	Did the actor support the judge ?	yes
The students advised the manager by the judge .	Did the students advise the manager ?	yes
The scientist helped the student behind the athlete .	Did the scientist help the student ?	yes
The secretaries admired the students next to the judges .	Did the secretaries admire the students ?	yes
The senator thanked the author behind the actors .	Did the senator thank the author ?	yes
The students recognized the secretaries in front of the bankers .	Did the students recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The artist recognized the scientists next to the manager .	Did the artist recognize the scientists ?	yes
The athlete avoided the professor by the president .	Did the athlete avoid the professor ?	yes
The actor helped the secretaries behind the scientist .	Did the actor help the secretaries ?	yes
The actor mentioned the president in front of the managers .	Did the actor mention the president ?	yes
The lawyers encouraged the secretaries next to the scientists .	Did the lawyers encourage the secretaries ?	yes
The doctors encouraged the judges by the senator .	Did the doctors encourage the judges ?	yes
The senators encouraged the students next to the authors .	Did the senators encourage the students ?	yes
The scientists saw the athletes behind the professor .	Did the scientists see the athletes ?	yes
The athletes avoided the authors in front of the students .	Did the athletes avoid the authors ?	yes
The manager advised the professor by the president .	Did the manager advise the professor ?	yes
The lawyer believed the doctor next to the authors .	Did the lawyer believe the doctor ?	yes
The senator helped the secretary by the students .	Did the senator help the secretary ?	yes
The lawyers saw the professor behind the bankers .	Did the lawyers see the professor ?	yes
The athlete recommended the doctor behind the judges .	Did the athlete recommend the doctor ?	yes
The manager recommended the athletes behind the secretaries .	Did the manager recommend the athletes ?	yes
The judge supported the athlete by the doctors .	Did the judge support the athlete ?	yes
The secretary supported the judge by the doctors .	Did the secretary support the judge ?	yes
The author mentioned the judge by the artist .	Did the author mention the judge ?	yes
The managers stopped the students next to the presidents .	Did the managers stop the students ?	yes
The doctors mentioned the professors by the lawyers .	Did the doctors mention the professors ?	yes
The professor admired the lawyers by the judges .	Did the professor admire the lawyers ?	yes
The bankers saw the senators behind the judges .	Did the bankers see the senators ?	yes
The student mentioned the presidents near the tourists .	Did the student mention the presidents ?	yes
The judges recognized the secretaries in front of the lawyer .	Did the judges recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The banker saw the actor by the doctor .	Did the banker see the actor ?	yes
The students thanked the athlete in front of the professor .	Did the students thank the athlete ?	yes
The students contacted the author behind the secretaries .	Did the students contact the author ?	yes
The doctors mentioned the scientist behind the bankers .	Did the doctors mention the scientist ?	yes
The presidents advised the lawyers behind the athlete .	Did the presidents advise the lawyers ?	yes
The athlete helped the president next to the banker .	Did the athlete help the president ?	yes
The doctors avoided the scientists by the judges .	Did the doctors avoid the scientists ?	yes
The professors advised the managers next to the athlete .	Did the professors advise the managers ?	yes
The professors admired the actor next to the student .	Did the professors admire the actor ?	yes
The president called the senator near the lawyer .	Did the president call the senator ?	yes
The secretary helped the manager in front of the athletes .	Did the secretary help the manager ?	yes
The managers recognized the actors in front of the athletes .	Did the managers recognize the actors ?	yes
The president supported the bankers near the scientist .	Did the president support the bankers ?	yes
The professor stopped the doctor next to the scientist .	Did the professor stop the doctor ?	yes
The authors supported the president near the secretary .	Did the authors support the president ?	yes
The students encouraged the doctors behind the judge .	Did the students encourage the doctors ?	yes
The doctors stopped the athlete behind the artists .	Did the doctors stop the athlete ?	yes
The presidents stopped the senators behind the authors .	Did the presidents stop the senators ?	yes
The banker saw the judges near the secretary .	Did the banker see the judges ?	yes
The secretaries avoided the actors in front of the banker .	Did the secretaries avoid the actors ?	yes
The professor admired the athlete by the secretaries .	Did the professor admire the athlete ?	yes
The athlete admired the senator next to the students .	Did the athlete admire the senator ?	yes
The judge introduced the students next to the manager .	Did the judge introduce the students ?	yes
The judges mentioned the managers in front of the scientist .	Did the judges mention the managers ?	yes
The artists admired the professor near the judges .	Did the artists admire the professor ?	yes
The artist recognized the doctor by the actor .	Did the artist recognize the doctor ?	yes
The authors saw the scientists by the tourist .	Did the authors see the scientists ?	yes
The secretaries recognized the lawyer next to the author .	Did the secretaries recognize the lawyer ?	yes
The professors helped the athletes near the doctor .	Did the professors help the athletes ?	yes
The secretary mentioned the doctor next to the scientists .	Did the secretary mention the doctor ?	yes
The tourist admired the presidents by the student .	Did the tourist admire the presidents ?	yes
The actors helped the lawyer behind the athlete .	Did the actors help the lawyer ?	yes
The students avoided the athletes next to the secretary .	Did the students avoid the athletes ?	yes
The presidents called the secretary near the student .	Did the presidents call the secretary ?	yes
The athlete advised the senators by the students .	Did the athlete advise the senators ?	yes
The artists stopped the presidents in front of the secretaries .	Did the artists stop the presidents ?	yes
The senator contacted the authors next to the secretary .	Did the senator contact the authors ?	yes
The judges encouraged the student next to the authors .	Did the judges encourage the student ?	yes
The professor helped the doctors behind the actor .	Did the professor help the doctors ?	yes
The bankers avoided the athlete behind the judges .	Did the bankers avoid the athlete ?	yes
The tourists contacted the actors near the athletes .	Did the tourists contact the actors ?	yes
The artists advised the doctors behind the athlete .	Did the artists advise the doctors ?	yes
The tourist called the doctor next to the artist .	Did the tourist call the doctor ?	yes
The doctors helped the author by the actors .	Did the doctors help the author ?	yes
The scientists supported the banker behind the tourist .	Did the scientists support the banker ?	yes
The doctor recommended the athletes by the actors .	Did the doctor recommend the athletes ?	yes
The secretary thanked the artist behind the professor .	Did the secretary thank the artist ?	yes
The bankers saw the president by the author .	Did the bankers see the president ?	yes
The senator admired the managers behind the judges .	Did the senator admire the managers ?	yes
The presidents believed the bankers behind the students .	Did the presidents believe the bankers ?	yes
The doctor supported the actor near the professor .	Did the doctor support the actor ?	yes
The scientist mentioned the senators by the professor .	Did the scientist mention the senators ?	yes
The managers stopped the president in front of the athletes .	Did the managers stop the president ?	yes
The actor thanked the authors in front of the president .	Did the actor thank the authors ?	yes
The professor helped the secretary by the athlete .	Did the professor help the secretary ?	yes
The tourists advised the manager near the scientists .	Did the tourists advise the manager ?	yes
The actors saw the judges behind the doctors .	Did the actors see the judges ?	yes
The student called the actors by the artists .	Did the student call the actors ?	yes
The lawyers avoided the bankers in front of the scientists .	Did the lawyers avoid the bankers ?	yes
The bankers avoided the actor behind the authors .	Did the bankers avoid the actor ?	yes
The managers supported the judges next to the lawyer .	Did the managers support the judges ?	yes
The professors helped the president in front of the banker .	Did the professors help the president ?	yes
The students contacted the secretaries behind the professors .	Did the students contact the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyers admired the banker near the managers .	Did the lawyers admire the banker ?	yes
The president mentioned the authors by the professors .	Did the president mention the authors ?	yes
The athletes advised the secretary by the artists .	Did the athletes advise the secretary ?	yes
The managers advised the doctor next to the actor .	Did the managers advise the doctor ?	yes
The student thanked the secretary by the artists .	Did the student thank the secretary ?	yes
The professors encouraged the author in front of the athlete .	Did the professors encourage the author ?	yes
The managers supported the author near the judges .	Did the managers support the author ?	yes
The scientists mentioned the professor by the athlete .	Did the scientists mention the professor ?	yes
The students mentioned the senators behind the doctor .	Did the students mention the senators ?	yes
The author admired the scientist by the secretaries .	Did the author admire the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer called the bankers behind the student .	Did the lawyer call the bankers ?	yes
The artists advised the professors near the tourists .	Did the artists advise the professors ?	yes
The senator thanked the judge behind the bankers .	Did the senator thank the judge ?	yes
The scientists helped the senator behind the doctors .	Did the scientists help the senator ?	yes
The artists supported the athletes by the lawyers .	Did the artists support the athletes ?	yes
The athlete recommended the senators next to the author .	Did the athlete recommend the senators ?	yes
The managers encouraged the authors near the judge .	Did the managers encourage the authors ?	yes
The managers stopped the athletes by the author .	Did the managers stop the athletes ?	yes
The actor admired the bankers near the judge .	Did the actor admire the bankers ?	yes
The doctors admired the professors behind the actor .	Did the doctors admire the professors ?	yes
The managers thanked the artist by the students .	Did the managers thank the artist ?	yes
The athletes admired the authors by the students .	Did the athletes admire the authors ?	yes
The lawyers recognized the judge behind the senators .	Did the lawyers recognize the judge ?	yes
The secretary supported the authors by the presidents .	Did the secretary support the authors ?	yes
The senator thanked the professors by the secretaries .	Did the senator thank the professors ?	yes
The athlete encouraged the senators near the manager .	Did the athlete encourage the senators ?	yes
The judges recognized the authors near the scientist .	Did the judges recognize the authors ?	yes
The tourists called the senators near the scientist .	Did the tourists call the senators ?	yes
The scientists avoided the actors next to the students .	Did the scientists avoid the actors ?	yes
The scientists recognized the managers in front of the lawyers .	Did the scientists recognize the managers ?	yes
The secretary helped the senators in front of the author .	Did the secretary help the senators ?	yes
The president recommended the secretary next to the student .	Did the president recommend the secretary ?	yes
The artists encouraged the president by the doctor .	Did the artists encourage the president ?	yes
The scientist introduced the judge by the bankers .	Did the scientist introduce the judge ?	yes
The author saw the actors next to the banker .	Did the author see the actors ?	yes
The athletes avoided the actor near the banker .	Did the athletes avoid the actor ?	yes
The artists recognized the banker in front of the judge .	Did the artists recognize the banker ?	yes
The lawyer avoided the senators next to the doctors .	Did the lawyer avoid the senators ?	yes
The presidents stopped the doctors by the bankers .	Did the presidents stop the doctors ?	yes
The doctor recognized the senator near the author .	Did the doctor recognize the senator ?	yes
The students recognized the athletes next to the lawyer .	Did the students recognize the athletes ?	yes
The manager recognized the doctors in front of the secretary .	Did the manager recognize the doctors ?	yes
The authors recommended the senators in front of the judges .	Did the authors recommend the senators ?	yes
The athlete stopped the lawyer next to the artist .	Did the athlete stop the lawyer ?	yes
The artists thanked the managers near the banker .	Did the artists thank the managers ?	yes
The actors recommended the student near the tourist .	Did the actors recommend the student ?	yes
The senators encouraged the student by the doctors .	Did the senators encourage the student ?	yes
The bankers supported the authors behind the scientists .	Did the bankers support the authors ?	yes
The athlete introduced the judge by the student .	Did the athlete introduce the judge ?	yes
The artists mentioned the professors by the tourists .	Did the artists mention the professors ?	yes
The professor introduced the lawyer in front of the athletes .	Did the professor introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The actors supported the senators behind the lawyer .	Did the actors support the senators ?	yes
The senators stopped the scientist behind the artists .	Did the senators stop the scientist ?	yes
The scientists called the banker by the tourist .	Did the scientists call the banker ?	yes
The tourist contacted the professor by the artists .	Did the tourist contact the professor ?	yes
The presidents helped the secretary in front of the actors .	Did the presidents help the secretary ?	yes
The senators contacted the judges in front of the tourist .	Did the senators contact the judges ?	yes
The senator encouraged the professor in front of the students .	Did the senator encourage the professor ?	yes
The students contacted the lawyers behind the actor .	Did the students contact the lawyers ?	yes
The doctors thanked the scientist next to the bankers .	Did the doctors thank the scientist ?	yes
The judge believed the presidents near the artists .	Did the judge believe the presidents ?	yes
The student stopped the scientists by the actor .	Did the student stop the scientists ?	yes
The scientist thanked the secretary near the doctor .	Did the scientist thank the secretary ?	yes
The actors saw the senator by the bankers .	Did the actors see the senator ?	yes
The lawyer introduced the managers near the judges .	Did the lawyer introduce the managers ?	yes
The tourists stopped the athlete next to the actor .	Did the tourists stop the athlete ?	yes
The professor mentioned the senators next to the authors .	Did the professor mention the senators ?	yes
The secretary helped the senator by the banker .	Did the secretary help the senator ?	yes
The doctor recommended the secretaries by the tourist .	Did the doctor recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The scientists mentioned the doctors by the president .	Did the scientists mention the doctors ?	yes
The tourists believed the president by the lawyers .	Did the tourists believe the president ?	yes
The secretary encouraged the scientist by the president .	Did the secretary encourage the scientist ?	yes
The athletes introduced the tourist behind the bankers .	Did the athletes introduce the tourist ?	yes
The author contacted the bankers behind the senator .	Did the author contact the bankers ?	yes
The artist supported the athlete near the actors .	Did the artist support the athlete ?	yes
The banker avoided the actor near the president .	Did the banker avoid the actor ?	yes
The professor encouraged the doctor next to the actor .	Did the professor encourage the doctor ?	yes
The artist thanked the doctors behind the presidents .	Did the artist thank the doctors ?	yes
The scientist believed the lawyer by the student .	Did the scientist believe the lawyer ?	yes
The managers advised the authors behind the athletes .	Did the managers advise the authors ?	yes
The judge helped the artist behind the senators .	Did the judge help the artist ?	yes
The authors encouraged the secretaries next to the students .	Did the authors encourage the secretaries ?	yes
The artists recognized the athletes near the student .	Did the artists recognize the athletes ?	yes
The author avoided the manager behind the lawyer .	Did the author avoid the manager ?	yes
The bankers admired the secretary near the judge .	Did the bankers admire the secretary ?	yes
The bankers believed the athletes by the student .	Did the bankers believe the athletes ?	yes
The actors encouraged the secretaries next to the professors .	Did the actors encourage the secretaries ?	yes
The tourist believed the students in front of the president .	Did the tourist believe the students ?	yes
The professor contacted the scientist by the athlete .	Did the professor contact the scientist ?	yes
The actors supported the managers next to the student .	Did the actors support the managers ?	yes
The author encouraged the tourists in front of the scientists .	Did the author encourage the tourists ?	yes
The bankers called the artists next to the actors .	Did the bankers call the artists ?	yes
The judge believed the actors near the scientists .	Did the judge believe the actors ?	yes
The bankers stopped the scientists next to the senator .	Did the bankers stop the scientists ?	yes
The judge contacted the doctors in front of the senators .	Did the judge contact the doctors ?	yes
The scientists believed the professor next to the senator .	Did the scientists believe the professor ?	yes
The lawyers saw the judges next to the doctors .	Did the lawyers see the judges ?	yes
The presidents admired the bankers next to the author .	Did the presidents admire the bankers ?	yes
The athlete stopped the senator in front of the students .	Did the athlete stop the senator ?	yes
The professors admired the artists behind the lawyers .	Did the professors admire the artists ?	yes
The judge admired the senator in front of the athletes .	Did the judge admire the senator ?	yes
The president introduced the artist next to the lawyer .	Did the president introduce the artist ?	yes
The bankers mentioned the athlete by the tourist .	Did the bankers mention the athlete ?	yes
The president saw the authors in front of the secretaries .	Did the president see the authors ?	yes
The artist mentioned the athletes near the tourist .	Did the artist mention the athletes ?	yes
The athletes called the actor in front of the scientist .	Did the athletes call the actor ?	yes
The scientists advised the managers behind the author .	Did the scientists advise the managers ?	yes
The president supported the professors near the secretaries .	Did the president support the professors ?	yes
The professors advised the secretaries near the scientist .	Did the professors advise the secretaries ?	yes
The judges supported the author by the secretary .	Did the judges support the author ?	yes
The president supported the doctor in front of the banker .	Did the president support the doctor ?	yes
The scientist supported the banker in front of the authors .	Did the scientist support the banker ?	yes
The artists called the senator behind the student .	Did the artists call the senator ?	yes
The artist saw the author by the judge .	Did the artist see the author ?	yes
The tourists introduced the student in front of the actor .	Did the tourists introduce the student ?	yes
The artists thanked the scientist near the senator .	Did the artists thank the scientist ?	yes
The scientists admired the banker by the students .	Did the scientists admire the banker ?	yes
The judges recognized the doctor behind the banker .	Did the judges recognize the doctor ?	yes
The student thanked the presidents next to the artist .	Did the student thank the presidents ?	yes
The judges mentioned the manager by the artist .	Did the judges mention the manager ?	yes
The artists avoided the tourists behind the secretaries .	Did the artists avoid the tourists ?	yes
The lawyers encouraged the scientists behind the banker .	Did the lawyers encourage the scientists ?	yes
The secretary contacted the professor next to the managers .	Did the secretary contact the professor ?	yes
The judge stopped the authors in front of the manager .	Did the judge stop the authors ?	yes
The tourist contacted the scientist by the student .	Did the tourist contact the scientist ?	yes
The doctors admired the senator by the professor .	Did the doctors admire the senator ?	yes
The artists helped the presidents in front of the lawyers .	Did the artists help the presidents ?	yes
The student stopped the tourist next to the secretary .	Did the student stop the tourist ?	yes
The scientist thanked the secretaries in front of the author .	Did the scientist thank the secretaries ?	yes
The senator advised the student by the secretaries .	Did the senator advise the student ?	yes
The actor recognized the senator in front of the authors .	Did the actor recognize the senator ?	yes
The judge avoided the managers near the athletes .	Did the judge avoid the managers ?	yes
The lawyer encouraged the judge in front of the author .	Did the lawyer encourage the judge ?	yes
The bankers contacted the secretary behind the judges .	Did the bankers contact the secretary ?	yes
The student believed the lawyer next to the authors .	Did the student believe the lawyer ?	yes
The senators believed the lawyer by the secretaries .	Did the senators believe the lawyer ?	yes
The artists admired the doctors next to the lawyer .	Did the artists admire the doctors ?	yes
The student called the senators by the actor .	Did the student call the senators ?	yes
The banker stopped the professor by the judge .	Did the banker stop the professor ?	yes
The senators recommended the actors near the tourists .	Did the senators recommend the actors ?	yes
The scientist introduced the lawyer behind the doctors .	Did the scientist introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyers called the manager behind the actors .	Did the lawyers call the manager ?	yes
The scientist recommended the presidents in front of the secretaries .	Did the scientist recommend the presidents ?	yes
The student encouraged the senator next to the tourists .	Did the student encourage the senator ?	yes
The judge encouraged the presidents by the doctors .	Did the judge encourage the presidents ?	yes
The professors called the athlete by the author .	Did the professors call the athlete ?	yes
The senators helped the athlete next to the secretary .	Did the senators help the athlete ?	yes
The banker thanked the actor next to the athletes .	Did the banker thank the actor ?	yes
The athlete recognized the actor near the judge .	Did the athlete recognize the actor ?	yes
The athletes avoided the manager in front of the author .	Did the athletes avoid the manager ?	yes
The lawyers thanked the actors near the judge .	Did the lawyers thank the actors ?	yes
The senators advised the authors in front of the students .	Did the senators advise the authors ?	yes
The lawyer supported the actors next to the president .	Did the lawyer support the actors ?	yes
The athletes stopped the professor behind the judges .	Did the athletes stop the professor ?	yes
The secretary stopped the student in front of the managers .	Did the secretary stop the student ?	yes
The scientists admired the banker behind the judges .	Did the scientists admire the banker ?	yes
The doctors supported the student behind the president .	Did the doctors support the student ?	yes
The president introduced the professors behind the judge .	Did the president introduce the professors ?	yes
The lawyer recognized the tourists next to the author .	Did the lawyer recognize the tourists ?	yes
The doctors advised the bankers in front of the judges .	Did the doctors advise the bankers ?	yes
The authors contacted the presidents near the actor .	Did the authors contact the presidents ?	yes
The presidents supported the athletes behind the secretary .	Did the presidents support the athletes ?	yes
The senators recommended the athletes by the secretary .	Did the senators recommend the athletes ?	yes
The scientist saw the authors near the judge .	Did the scientist see the authors ?	yes
The manager helped the authors near the president .	Did the manager help the authors ?	yes
The managers mentioned the professors by the lawyer .	Did the managers mention the professors ?	yes
The athlete admired the senators next to the lawyers .	Did the athlete admire the senators ?	yes
The lawyers believed the manager near the scientists .	Did the lawyers believe the manager ?	yes
The president stopped the artists by the senators .	Did the president stop the artists ?	yes
The lawyers advised the artist next to the author .	Did the lawyers advise the artist ?	yes
The tourist introduced the artists next to the managers .	Did the tourist introduce the artists ?	yes
The bankers advised the lawyers next to the artist .	Did the bankers advise the lawyers ?	yes
The presidents called the tourists in front of the student .	Did the presidents call the tourists ?	yes
The professors encouraged the judges behind the authors .	Did the professors encourage the judges ?	yes
The students recommended the manager in front of the actors .	Did the students recommend the manager ?	yes
The actor recommended the scientists next to the doctors .	Did the actor recommend the scientists ?	yes
The presidents called the athletes next to the lawyer .	Did the presidents call the athletes ?	yes
The actor avoided the authors next to the judges .	Did the actor avoid the authors ?	yes
The tourist saw the actors next to the professor .	Did the tourist see the actors ?	yes
The senator recognized the authors behind the judge .	Did the senator recognize the authors ?	yes
The secretaries encouraged the judges behind the managers .	Did the secretaries encourage the judges ?	yes
The professors helped the artists in front of the scientist .	Did the professors help the artists ?	yes
The athletes advised the judge near the banker .	Did the athletes advise the judge ?	yes
The actors supported the artists in front of the professors .	Did the actors support the artists ?	yes
The secretaries recognized the artist in front of the professor .	Did the secretaries recognize the artist ?	yes
The lawyers recognized the artist next to the secretary .	Did the lawyers recognize the artist ?	yes
The tourists recommended the professors behind the artists .	Did the tourists recommend the professors ?	yes
The author encouraged the judge in front of the artist .	Did the author encourage the judge ?	yes
The secretaries believed the doctors in front of the lawyer .	Did the secretaries believe the doctors ?	yes
The tourist recommended the student next to the senators .	Did the tourist recommend the student ?	yes
The professors admired the judges near the students .	Did the professors admire the judges ?	yes
The actors stopped the scientist behind the tourists .	Did the actors stop the scientist ?	yes
The students recognized the professor behind the senator .	Did the students recognize the professor ?	yes
The actor avoided the tourist next to the secretaries .	Did the actor avoid the tourist ?	yes
The author saw the athletes in front of the senator .	Did the author see the athletes ?	yes
The doctors stopped the athletes behind the banker .	Did the doctors stop the athletes ?	yes
The senators believed the doctors by the secretaries .	Did the senators believe the doctors ?	yes
The president recognized the manager near the authors .	Did the president recognize the manager ?	yes
The secretary stopped the manager by the authors .	Did the secretary stop the manager ?	yes
The actors stopped the judge next to the presidents .	Did the actors stop the judge ?	yes
The tourists saw the students in front of the athlete .	Did the tourists see the students ?	yes
The secretaries advised the tourist next to the author .	Did the secretaries advise the tourist ?	yes
The tourists stopped the senators near the lawyers .	Did the tourists stop the senators ?	yes
The actor recognized the doctors next to the manager .	Did the actor recognize the doctors ?	yes
The secretary supported the author in front of the athletes .	Did the secretary support the author ?	yes
The athlete saw the students in front of the senator .	Did the athlete see the students ?	yes
The authors thanked the manager near the athlete .	Did the authors thank the manager ?	yes
The senator introduced the secretary in front of the doctor .	Did the senator introduce the secretary ?	yes
The bankers supported the doctor behind the tourists .	Did the bankers support the doctor ?	yes
The athlete saw the managers behind the senator .	Did the athlete see the managers ?	yes
The lawyers avoided the secretaries near the tourists .	Did the lawyers avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The doctors thanked the artist in front of the professors .	Did the doctors thank the artist ?	yes
The tourists advised the bankers behind the managers .	Did the tourists advise the bankers ?	yes
The authors thanked the professors behind the secretaries .	Did the authors thank the professors ?	yes
The secretary advised the scientist by the author .	Did the secretary advise the scientist ?	yes
The student admired the athlete next to the managers .	Did the student admire the athlete ?	yes
The doctors admired the artist near the senator .	Did the doctors admire the artist ?	yes
The senator helped the actor near the lawyer .	Did the senator help the actor ?	yes
The president advised the athlete in front of the professors .	Did the president advise the athlete ?	yes
The manager mentioned the senator by the student .	Did the manager mention the senator ?	yes
The artists supported the lawyers behind the scientists .	Did the artists support the lawyers ?	yes
The athlete advised the tourist in front of the doctors .	Did the athlete advise the tourist ?	yes
The artists recognized the presidents behind the tourist .	Did the artists recognize the presidents ?	yes
The scientists avoided the judge next to the senators .	Did the scientists avoid the judge ?	yes
The student contacted the senators behind the judges .	Did the student contact the senators ?	yes
The scientist thanked the manager behind the athlete .	Did the scientist thank the manager ?	yes
The judge contacted the secretaries behind the presidents .	Did the judge contact the secretaries ?	yes
The senators avoided the lawyer near the scientists .	Did the senators avoid the lawyer ?	yes
The actor saw the doctor in front of the author .	Did the actor see the doctor ?	yes
The secretaries advised the professor near the author .	Did the secretaries advise the professor ?	yes
The tourist mentioned the bankers by the president .	Did the tourist mention the bankers ?	yes
The president saw the manager in front of the artists .	Did the president see the manager ?	yes
The doctors saw the presidents behind the secretary .	Did the doctors see the presidents ?	yes
The doctors recognized the artist near the actor .	Did the doctors recognize the artist ?	yes
The artists recommended the presidents behind the author .	Did the artists recommend the presidents ?	yes
The authors supported the student by the president .	Did the authors support the student ?	yes
The secretaries introduced the tourist in front of the banker .	Did the secretaries introduce the tourist ?	yes
The manager encouraged the scientist near the doctors .	Did the manager encourage the scientist ?	yes
The tourist admired the professor near the manager .	Did the tourist admire the professor ?	yes
The scientist supported the secretary near the authors .	Did the scientist support the secretary ?	yes
The professor believed the tourists by the authors .	Did the professor believe the tourists ?	yes
The scientists avoided the athletes near the authors .	Did the scientists avoid the athletes ?	yes
The artists supported the actors behind the president .	Did the artists support the actors ?	yes
The lawyers encouraged the scientist near the actors .	Did the lawyers encourage the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer recognized the secretaries behind the actors .	Did the lawyer recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The bankers advised the judge by the secretaries .	Did the bankers advise the judge ?	yes
The managers supported the tourist near the author .	Did the managers support the tourist ?	yes
The tourists saw the actor behind the managers .	Did the tourists see the actor ?	yes
The doctors mentioned the senator in front of the tourists .	Did the doctors mention the senator ?	yes
The students thanked the actor next to the tourist .	Did the students thank the actor ?	yes
The doctors recognized the professor in front of the athlete .	Did the doctors recognize the professor ?	yes
The professor advised the scientists next to the secretaries .	Did the professor advise the scientists ?	yes
The actor advised the scientist next to the bankers .	Did the actor advise the scientist ?	yes
The athletes introduced the managers in front of the lawyers .	Did the athletes introduce the managers ?	yes
The author recommended the artists by the managers .	Did the author recommend the artists ?	yes
The students believed the judges near the senators .	Did the students believe the judges ?	yes
The actor helped the judge near the bankers .	Did the actor help the judge ?	yes
The professor recommended the artists behind the scientists .	Did the professor recommend the artists ?	yes
The scientist avoided the author next to the lawyers .	Did the scientist avoid the author ?	yes
The student advised the judge near the actor .	Did the student advise the judge ?	yes
The senator believed the authors by the judge .	Did the senator believe the authors ?	yes
The scientist mentioned the actor next to the bankers .	Did the scientist mention the actor ?	yes
The artist believed the bankers behind the manager .	Did the artist believe the bankers ?	yes
The banker advised the artists in front of the judges .	Did the banker advise the artists ?	yes
The lawyer admired the artist behind the athletes .	Did the lawyer admire the artist ?	yes
The banker avoided the scientist next to the judge .	Did the banker avoid the scientist ?	yes
The artists advised the scientists near the secretaries .	Did the artists advise the scientists ?	yes
The senator introduced the presidents behind the athletes .	Did the senator introduce the presidents ?	yes
The doctors helped the actor in front of the tourists .	Did the doctors help the actor ?	yes
The student avoided the tourists next to the bankers .	Did the student avoid the tourists ?	yes
The authors contacted the judges next to the student .	Did the authors contact the judges ?	yes
The artists supported the students next to the managers .	Did the artists support the students ?	yes
The doctors recognized the tourist in front of the presidents .	Did the doctors recognize the tourist ?	yes
The athlete contacted the actors in front of the doctor .	Did the athlete contact the actors ?	yes
The bankers believed the president behind the athlete .	Did the bankers believe the president ?	yes
The athlete helped the judge behind the artists .	Did the athlete help the judge ?	yes
The athlete believed the author in front of the doctor .	Did the athlete believe the author ?	yes
The authors stopped the artists near the judges .	Did the authors stop the artists ?	yes
The lawyers encouraged the bankers next to the judges .	Did the lawyers encourage the bankers ?	yes
The presidents stopped the artists next to the senator .	Did the presidents stop the artists ?	yes
The doctors recognized the secretary in front of the bankers .	Did the doctors recognize the secretary ?	yes
The students thanked the judges near the scientists .	Did the students thank the judges ?	yes
The actors admired the author by the judge .	Did the actors admire the author ?	yes
The presidents admired the professor near the scientist .	Did the presidents admire the professor ?	yes
The professor contacted the secretary behind the athletes .	Did the professor contact the secretary ?	yes
The scientists saw the senators near the authors .	Did the scientists see the senators ?	yes
The actors recognized the doctor next to the judge .	Did the actors recognize the doctor ?	yes
The professor saw the student in front of the presidents .	Did the professor see the student ?	yes
The professor contacted the athletes next to the doctors .	Did the professor contact the athletes ?	yes
The secretary helped the managers next to the doctor .	Did the secretary help the managers ?	yes
The professor helped the scientist next to the banker .	Did the professor help the scientist ?	yes
The author encouraged the tourists near the senator .	Did the author encourage the tourists ?	yes
The judge contacted the student in front of the managers .	Did the judge contact the student ?	yes
The managers thanked the senator next to the actors .	Did the managers thank the senator ?	yes
The actor advised the banker near the athletes .	Did the actor advise the banker ?	yes
The athletes supported the managers by the bankers .	Did the athletes support the managers ?	yes
The banker advised the authors behind the actors .	Did the banker advise the authors ?	yes
The doctor recommended the tourist next to the student .	Did the doctor recommend the tourist ?	yes
The professors called the tourist near the authors .	Did the professors call the tourist ?	yes
The scientists saw the presidents by the actor .	Did the scientists see the presidents ?	yes
The artist helped the presidents in front of the scientists .	Did the artist help the presidents ?	yes
The author recognized the presidents in front of the athlete .	Did the author recognize the presidents ?	yes
The actors contacted the artist next to the professors .	Did the actors contact the artist ?	yes
The actors supported the authors behind the student .	Did the actors support the authors ?	yes
The students saw the doctor in front of the tourists .	Did the students see the doctor ?	yes
The doctors believed the judge behind the artist .	Did the doctors believe the judge ?	yes
The presidents helped the manager in front of the scientists .	Did the presidents help the manager ?	yes
The student helped the judge near the manager .	Did the student help the judge ?	yes
The professors believed the lawyer by the athletes .	Did the professors believe the lawyer ?	yes
The professors believed the senator behind the students .	Did the professors believe the senator ?	yes
The artist saw the senator behind the manager .	Did the artist see the senator ?	yes
The author thanked the secretaries next to the president .	Did the author thank the secretaries ?	yes
The tourist recommended the managers behind the secretary .	Did the tourist recommend the managers ?	yes
The bankers contacted the actors behind the lawyers .	Did the bankers contact the actors ?	yes
The senators mentioned the athletes next to the professor .	Did the senators mention the athletes ?	yes
The scientists introduced the senators behind the manager .	Did the scientists introduce the senators ?	yes
The tourist encouraged the actors by the secretary .	Did the tourist encourage the actors ?	yes
The bankers helped the actor by the senator .	Did the bankers help the actor ?	yes
The authors encouraged the student in front of the banker .	Did the authors encourage the student ?	yes
The actor helped the banker in front of the tourists .	Did the actor help the banker ?	yes
The lawyers encouraged the doctor next to the bankers .	Did the lawyers encourage the doctor ?	yes
The manager mentioned the judges by the lawyers .	Did the manager mention the judges ?	yes
The senators recognized the artists by the scientist .	Did the senators recognize the artists ?	yes
The senator called the tourist near the actors .	Did the senator call the tourist ?	yes
The president mentioned the doctors next to the senators .	Did the president mention the doctors ?	yes
The judge advised the bankers near the authors .	Did the judge advise the bankers ?	yes
The authors saw the judges near the artists .	Did the authors see the judges ?	yes
The students believed the lawyer near the secretary .	Did the students believe the lawyer ?	yes
The bankers avoided the actor by the doctors .	Did the bankers avoid the actor ?	yes
The president encouraged the actor behind the scientist .	Did the president encourage the actor ?	yes
The lawyers recommended the senator by the judge .	Did the lawyers recommend the senator ?	yes
The artists introduced the athletes by the president .	Did the artists introduce the athletes ?	yes
The judges helped the president behind the tourist .	Did the judges help the president ?	yes
The professors introduced the secretary in front of the judges .	Did the professors introduce the secretary ?	yes
The authors recommended the artist near the managers .	Did the authors recommend the artist ?	yes
The professor called the scientist in front of the managers .	Did the professor call the scientist ?	yes
The senators thanked the secretaries in front of the students .	Did the senators thank the secretaries ?	yes
The scientists introduced the doctors in front of the managers .	Did the scientists introduce the doctors ?	yes
The authors thanked the banker by the artist .	Did the authors thank the banker ?	yes
The athletes contacted the doctor next to the students .	Did the athletes contact the doctor ?	yes
The banker mentioned the actor in front of the athlete .	Did the banker mention the actor ?	yes
The actor mentioned the managers next to the professor .	Did the actor mention the managers ?	yes
The professor believed the president next to the secretary .	Did the professor believe the president ?	yes
The authors encouraged the students behind the manager .	Did the authors encourage the students ?	yes
The author thanked the presidents by the judges .	Did the author thank the presidents ?	yes
The student contacted the lawyer near the artists .	Did the student contact the lawyer ?	yes
The doctors supported the actor near the lawyer .	Did the doctors support the actor ?	yes
The actor believed the secretaries near the artist .	Did the actor believe the secretaries ?	yes
The actor advised the managers by the student .	Did the actor advise the managers ?	yes
The author encouraged the presidents next to the tourists .	Did the author encourage the presidents ?	yes
The doctors supported the actors by the secretary .	Did the doctors support the actors ?	yes
The presidents mentioned the scientists next to the manager .	Did the presidents mention the scientists ?	yes
The tourist saw the authors by the students .	Did the tourist see the authors ?	yes
The actor called the artists next to the professor .	Did the actor call the artists ?	yes
The tourists recognized the judge next to the student .	Did the tourists recognize the judge ?	yes
The secretary introduced the actors in front of the athlete .	Did the secretary introduce the actors ?	yes
The lawyers recognized the presidents by the athletes .	Did the lawyers recognize the presidents ?	yes
The artist saw the senators by the professor .	Did the artist see the senators ?	yes
The student advised the judge in front of the scientists .	Did the student advise the judge ?	yes
The author thanked the artists in front of the judges .	Did the author thank the artists ?	yes
The judge encouraged the senator near the authors .	Did the judge encourage the senator ?	yes
The managers advised the athletes in front of the doctor .	Did the managers advise the athletes ?	yes
The banker called the secretary by the student .	Did the banker call the secretary ?	yes
The athlete believed the professor behind the secretary .	Did the athlete believe the professor ?	yes
The secretaries recommended the tourist next to the judge .	Did the secretaries recommend the tourist ?	yes
The lawyer stopped the students in front of the professor .	Did the lawyer stop the students ?	yes
The secretary supported the bankers behind the authors .	Did the secretary support the bankers ?	yes
The secretary advised the artists by the lawyer .	Did the secretary advise the artists ?	yes
The scientist mentioned the artists behind the secretary .	Did the scientist mention the artists ?	yes
The students avoided the professors behind the author .	Did the students avoid the professors ?	yes
The students introduced the senator by the president .	Did the students introduce the senator ?	yes
The lawyers stopped the president in front of the scientists .	Did the lawyers stop the president ?	yes
The senators recognized the artists by the doctors .	Did the senators recognize the artists ?	yes
The professors helped the artists by the lawyer .	Did the professors help the artists ?	yes
The student thanked the doctor by the manager .	Did the student thank the doctor ?	yes
The athlete called the secretary behind the student .	Did the athlete call the secretary ?	yes
The athlete admired the scientist near the senators .	Did the athlete admire the scientist ?	yes
The doctor helped the athletes near the artists .	Did the doctor help the athletes ?	yes
The bankers advised the student in front of the senators .	Did the bankers advise the student ?	yes
The banker admired the judge near the secretary .	Did the banker admire the judge ?	yes
The secretary avoided the lawyers near the scientist .	Did the secretary avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The actors recommended the athletes in front of the managers .	Did the actors recommend the athletes ?	yes
The lawyer admired the student next to the senators .	Did the lawyer admire the student ?	yes
The tourist encouraged the student next to the judge .	Did the tourist encourage the student ?	yes
The scientists saw the doctors near the author .	Did the scientists see the doctors ?	yes
The managers contacted the bankers by the actor .	Did the managers contact the bankers ?	yes
The judge avoided the students in front of the actors .	Did the judge avoid the students ?	yes
The tourist believed the doctor in front of the authors .	Did the tourist believe the doctor ?	yes
The students supported the managers in front of the scientist .	Did the students support the managers ?	yes
The secretary mentioned the bankers next to the lawyers .	Did the secretary mention the bankers ?	yes
The author stopped the professor by the president .	Did the author stop the professor ?	yes
The author contacted the athletes by the scientist .	Did the author contact the athletes ?	yes
The secretaries helped the lawyer by the senators .	Did the secretaries help the lawyer ?	yes
The scientist helped the student by the managers .	Did the scientist help the student ?	yes
The lawyer helped the actor next to the president .	Did the lawyer help the actor ?	yes
The student thanked the scientists behind the secretary .	Did the student thank the scientists ?	yes
The judges thanked the senators by the banker .	Did the judges thank the senators ?	yes
The scientists encouraged the athletes near the doctor .	Did the scientists encourage the athletes ?	yes
The scientists admired the president near the tourists .	Did the scientists admire the president ?	yes
The president recommended the scientists in front of the student .	Did the president recommend the scientists ?	yes
The actor recognized the presidents in front of the doctor .	Did the actor recognize the presidents ?	yes
The judge recommended the professor by the scientist .	Did the judge recommend the professor ?	yes
The actors helped the professor near the athletes .	Did the actors help the professor ?	yes
The scientist contacted the student behind the artists .	Did the scientist contact the student ?	yes
The judge recognized the professor near the authors .	Did the judge recognize the professor ?	yes
The lawyers introduced the author by the athlete .	Did the lawyers introduce the author ?	yes
The athlete recognized the professors near the actor .	Did the athlete recognize the professors ?	yes
The senators encouraged the tourists in front of the scientists .	Did the senators encourage the tourists ?	yes
The athlete recognized the doctors by the authors .	Did the athlete recognize the doctors ?	yes
The presidents helped the secretary in front of the doctors .	Did the presidents help the secretary ?	yes
The presidents encouraged the senator next to the banker .	Did the presidents encourage the senator ?	yes
The banker avoided the scientist behind the secretary .	Did the banker avoid the scientist ?	yes
The actors helped the athlete in front of the scientists .	Did the actors help the athlete ?	yes
The tourist saw the banker behind the managers .	Did the tourist see the banker ?	yes
The senators contacted the author near the professor .	Did the senators contact the author ?	yes
The authors stopped the presidents by the students .	Did the authors stop the presidents ?	yes
The banker called the managers near the tourist .	Did the banker call the managers ?	yes
The tourist called the professors next to the student .	Did the tourist call the professors ?	yes
The professors supported the secretary in front of the athletes .	Did the professors support the secretary ?	yes
The scientist recommended the tourist behind the managers .	Did the scientist recommend the tourist ?	yes
The athlete avoided the lawyers behind the judges .	Did the athlete avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The tourists recognized the students behind the author .	Did the tourists recognize the students ?	yes
The bankers mentioned the secretary next to the professors .	Did the bankers mention the secretary ?	yes
The author introduced the artists behind the scientist .	Did the author introduce the artists ?	yes
The authors stopped the student behind the secretaries .	Did the authors stop the student ?	yes
The doctors stopped the judge next to the presidents .	Did the doctors stop the judge ?	yes
The tourist introduced the doctors near the author .	Did the tourist introduce the doctors ?	yes
The president introduced the author behind the professors .	Did the president introduce the author ?	yes
The manager stopped the tourist behind the secretaries .	Did the manager stop the tourist ?	yes
The professors advised the bankers next to the senator .	Did the professors advise the bankers ?	yes
The secretaries contacted the president in front of the actors .	Did the secretaries contact the president ?	yes
The president recognized the artist near the doctor .	Did the president recognize the artist ?	yes
The judge introduced the tourists by the bankers .	Did the judge introduce the tourists ?	yes
The president avoided the author by the tourists .	Did the president avoid the author ?	yes
The scientist thanked the doctors near the author .	Did the scientist thank the doctors ?	yes
The secretaries admired the doctor near the judges .	Did the secretaries admire the doctor ?	yes
The bankers contacted the secretary behind the students .	Did the bankers contact the secretary ?	yes
The professors thanked the bankers in front of the tourist .	Did the professors thank the bankers ?	yes
The secretaries recommended the scientist in front of the lawyer .	Did the secretaries recommend the scientist ?	yes
The athletes contacted the tourists by the authors .	Did the athletes contact the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer recognized the actors in front of the bankers .	Did the lawyer recognize the actors ?	yes
The banker supported the athletes near the senators .	Did the banker support the athletes ?	yes
The authors called the president in front of the artist .	Did the authors call the president ?	yes
The managers recommended the author behind the bankers .	Did the managers recommend the author ?	yes
The secretaries admired the scientists in front of the professors .	Did the secretaries admire the scientists ?	yes
The athletes avoided the scientist in front of the manager .	Did the athletes avoid the scientist ?	yes
The doctors supported the manager behind the presidents .	Did the doctors support the manager ?	yes
The professors avoided the judges near the artist .	Did the professors avoid the judges ?	yes
The judge contacted the banker next to the managers .	Did the judge contact the banker ?	yes
The senators encouraged the manager next to the athlete .	Did the senators encourage the manager ?	yes
The athlete contacted the presidents next to the judge .	Did the athlete contact the presidents ?	yes
The professor advised the tourists in front of the secretary .	Did the professor advise the tourists ?	yes
The artist recognized the manager near the doctors .	Did the artist recognize the manager ?	yes
The judge contacted the athlete next to the scientist .	Did the judge contact the athlete ?	yes
The secretaries recognized the tourist behind the senators .	Did the secretaries recognize the tourist ?	yes
The president contacted the secretary in front of the managers .	Did the president contact the secretary ?	yes
The artist thanked the tourist behind the lawyers .	Did the artist thank the tourist ?	yes
The managers avoided the secretaries by the actors .	Did the managers avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The student supported the artists in front of the doctor .	Did the student support the artists ?	yes
The judges admired the lawyer near the artists .	Did the judges admire the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyer called the artist in front of the banker .	Did the lawyer call the artist ?	yes
The scientists encouraged the authors next to the doctor .	Did the scientists encourage the authors ?	yes
The secretaries admired the lawyer behind the students .	Did the secretaries admire the lawyer ?	yes
The tourists saw the students by the manager .	Did the tourists see the students ?	yes
The author supported the president near the scientist .	Did the author support the president ?	yes
The judges saw the managers near the actors .	Did the judges see the managers ?	yes
The doctors helped the secretaries behind the students .	Did the doctors help the secretaries ?	yes
The student stopped the artist behind the tourists .	Did the student stop the artist ?	yes
The presidents thanked the secretary by the senators .	Did the presidents thank the secretary ?	yes
The managers thanked the president near the senators .	Did the managers thank the president ?	yes
The artists avoided the presidents next to the judge .	Did the artists avoid the presidents ?	yes
The secretary contacted the author next to the managers .	Did the secretary contact the author ?	yes
The banker stopped the artists next to the actor .	Did the banker stop the artists ?	yes
The tourists called the scientists near the lawyer .	Did the tourists call the scientists ?	yes
The bankers supported the scientist behind the judges .	Did the bankers support the scientist ?	yes
The tourist stopped the manager in front of the lawyers .	Did the tourist stop the manager ?	yes
The author believed the actor near the lawyers .	Did the author believe the actor ?	yes
The professors advised the lawyer behind the senator .	Did the professors advise the lawyer ?	yes
The artists avoided the doctor near the managers .	Did the artists avoid the doctor ?	yes
The tourists believed the scientists by the lawyers .	Did the tourists believe the scientists ?	yes
The manager advised the actor near the secretaries .	Did the manager advise the actor ?	yes
The banker recognized the athlete next to the professors .	Did the banker recognize the athlete ?	yes
The judge introduced the lawyers by the professors .	Did the judge introduce the lawyers ?	yes
The managers encouraged the author next to the professors .	Did the managers encourage the author ?	yes
The judges advised the athlete behind the professor .	Did the judges advise the athlete ?	yes
The professors advised the lawyers in front of the tourist .	Did the professors advise the lawyers ?	yes
The actors introduced the judges behind the professors .	Did the actors introduce the judges ?	yes
The secretary helped the professor near the scientists .	Did the secretary help the professor ?	yes
The senators stopped the professors by the artist .	Did the senators stop the professors ?	yes
The secretaries advised the professor behind the president .	Did the secretaries advise the professor ?	yes
The doctor admired the scientist next to the actors .	Did the doctor admire the scientist ?	yes
The artist avoided the actors near the author .	Did the artist avoid the actors ?	yes
The banker thanked the scientists in front of the managers .	Did the banker thank the scientists ?	yes
The secretary avoided the scientists in front of the athlete .	Did the secretary avoid the scientists ?	yes
The scientist stopped the artist in front of the senator .	Did the scientist stop the artist ?	yes
The artist admired the presidents by the scientists .	Did the artist admire the presidents ?	yes
The president helped the lawyers behind the manager .	Did the president help the lawyers ?	yes
The managers advised the tourist behind the judge .	Did the managers advise the tourist ?	yes
The doctors encouraged the authors next to the bankers .	Did the doctors encourage the authors ?	yes
The bankers helped the lawyers by the presidents .	Did the bankers help the lawyers ?	yes
The scientist contacted the manager next to the bankers .	Did the scientist contact the manager ?	yes
The banker stopped the athletes near the scientist .	Did the banker stop the athletes ?	yes
The tourists recognized the professor next to the president .	Did the tourists recognize the professor ?	yes
The athletes introduced the lawyer near the manager .	Did the athletes introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The author stopped the doctor by the banker .	Did the author stop the doctor ?	yes
The student stopped the lawyers by the bankers .	Did the student stop the lawyers ?	yes
The managers encouraged the tourist by the judge .	Did the managers encourage the tourist ?	yes
The banker called the secretary next to the scientist .	Did the banker call the secretary ?	yes
The senators saw the scientist in front of the actors .	Did the senators see the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer contacted the secretaries by the students .	Did the lawyer contact the secretaries ?	yes
The scientists avoided the tourist by the judges .	Did the scientists avoid the tourist ?	yes
The actors helped the lawyers in front of the doctors .	Did the actors help the lawyers ?	yes
The doctor contacted the artists next to the students .	Did the doctor contact the artists ?	yes
The athletes encouraged the artist next to the judge .	Did the athletes encourage the artist ?	yes
The tourist saw the bankers by the senators .	Did the tourist see the bankers ?	yes
The artists thanked the judge next to the president .	Did the artists thank the judge ?	yes
In case the doctors stopped the author , the bankers helped the manager .	Did the doctors stop the author ?	no
Whether or not the professor danced , the student waited .	Did the professor dance ?	no
Whether or not the managers waited , the doctors stopped the professor .	Did the managers wait ?	no
Unless the doctors ran , the lawyers encouraged the scientists .	Did the doctors run ?	no
In case the judges waited , the senators arrived .	Did the judges wait ?	no
Unless the authors slept , the secretaries ran .	Did the authors sleep ?	no
In case the students recognized the bankers , the actors stopped the lawyers .	Did the students recognize the bankers ?	no
In case the artist saw the managers , the students danced .	Did the artist see the managers ?	no
Unless the senators ran , the professors recommended the doctor .	Did the senators run ?	no
Whether or not the artists believed the banker , the students recognized the tourists .	Did the artists believe the banker ?	no
If the judge encouraged the managers , the lawyers supported the doctors .	Did the judge encourage the managers ?	no
In case the judges mentioned the athlete , the artists avoided the tourists .	Did the judges mention the athlete ?	no
Whether or not the senators believed the scientist , the doctors recommended the managers .	Did the senators believe the scientist ?	no
Unless the doctor avoided the secretary , the scientist mentioned the artists .	Did the doctor avoid the secretary ?	no
If the athletes believed the students , the actors recognized the presidents .	Did the athletes believe the students ?	no
Whether or not the manager admired the president , the professor helped the doctor .	Did the manager admire the president ?	no
In case the judge mentioned the actor , the bankers called the secretary .	Did the judge mention the actor ?	no
If the student encouraged the managers , the professor called the judges .	Did the student encourage the managers ?	no
In case the actors avoided the senator , the doctor recognized the judge .	Did the actors avoid the senator ?	no
Unless the judges performed , the presidents thanked the authors .	Did the judges perform ?	no
Whether or not the presidents recognized the manager , the athlete ran .	Did the presidents recognize the manager ?	no
Unless the secretaries helped the author , the students danced .	Did the secretaries help the author ?	no
Unless the athlete helped the judges , the presidents arrived .	Did the athlete help the judges ?	no
Whether or not the artist introduced the author , the scientist saw the tourist .	Did the artist introduce the author ?	no
Whether or not the actors performed , the lawyer supported the scientists .	Did the actors perform ?	no
In case the secretaries called the authors , the athlete supported the professors .	Did the secretaries call the authors ?	no
Unless the president recognized the lawyer , the students arrived .	Did the president recognize the lawyer ?	no
If the artists slept , the doctor shouted .	Did the artists sleep ?	no
If the actors introduced the students , the author avoided the judge .	Did the actors introduce the students ?	no
If the lawyers encouraged the author , the secretary slept .	Did the lawyers encourage the author ?	no
Unless the bankers resigned , the senators danced .	Did the bankers resign ?	no
If the managers waited , the senators called the lawyers .	Did the managers wait ?	no
In case the artist recommended the banker , the lawyer advised the professors .	Did the artist recommend the banker ?	no
If the authors slept , the students shouted .	Did the authors sleep ?	no
Whether or not the actors performed , the banker resigned .	Did the actors perform ?	no
Whether or not the student recommended the authors , the judge resigned .	Did the student recommend the authors ?	no
Whether or not the manager stopped the author , the athlete resigned .	Did the manager stop the author ?	no
In case the banker helped the actors , the students advised the lawyers .	Did the banker help the actors ?	no
In case the manager advised the tourists , the secretaries contacted the professor .	Did the manager advise the tourists ?	no
In case the lawyers waited , the athletes ran .	Did the lawyers wait ?	no
In case the actors advised the senator , the judges danced .	Did the actors advise the senator ?	no
If the authors shouted , the actor contacted the tourist .	Did the authors shout ?	no
In case the doctor saw the managers , the president shouted .	Did the doctor see the managers ?	no
If the lawyer avoided the athletes , the president stopped the judge .	Did the lawyer avoid the athletes ?	no
In case the manager waited , the senators advised the doctors .	Did the manager wait ?	no
Unless the artist shouted , the scientists called the president .	Did the artist shout ?	no
If the scientist advised the actor , the artist called the secretaries .	Did the scientist advise the actor ?	no
Whether or not the managers slept , the judges stopped the secretary .	Did the managers sleep ?	no
Whether or not the professors supported the students , the actor stopped the scientist .	Did the professors support the students ?	no
Unless the author avoided the professors , the athletes recognized the actors .	Did the author avoid the professors ?	no
If the tourist supported the secretary , the lawyers saw the actors .	Did the tourist support the secretary ?	no
In case the bankers advised the presidents , the author called the doctors .	Did the bankers advise the presidents ?	no
In case the authors ran , the manager called the artists .	Did the authors run ?	no
In case the athletes encouraged the artists , the professors danced .	Did the athletes encourage the artists ?	no
Unless the senators resigned , the doctors recommended the banker .	Did the senators resign ?	no
Unless the secretaries supported the scientist , the students arrived .	Did the secretaries support the scientist ?	no
If the tourists avoided the actors , the scientists thanked the lawyers .	Did the tourists avoid the actors ?	no
In case the scientists introduced the lawyers , the professor admired the secretaries .	Did the scientists introduce the lawyers ?	no
Unless the actor danced , the doctors performed .	Did the actor dance ?	no
Whether or not the secretary stopped the doctor , the tourist recommended the judge .	Did the secretary stop the doctor ?	no
Whether or not the manager saw the senators , the artists shouted .	Did the manager see the senators ?	no
Unless the manager danced , the doctors admired the lawyer .	Did the manager dance ?	no
In case the managers recognized the doctor , the tourist recommended the author .	Did the managers recognize the doctor ?	no
In case the doctors saw the tourist , the lawyer performed .	Did the doctors see the tourist ?	no
Unless the actors encouraged the student , the scientists introduced the secretaries .	Did the actors encourage the student ?	no
In case the students waited , the author stopped the professor .	Did the students wait ?	no
Unless the banker recognized the author , the doctors shouted .	Did the banker recognize the author ?	no
Unless the secretary introduced the author , the judge resigned .	Did the secretary introduce the author ?	no
If the actors saw the manager , the tourists admired the senator .	Did the actors see the manager ?	no
In case the students shouted , the author supported the tourists .	Did the students shout ?	no
Unless the scientist called the presidents , the tourists avoided the student .	Did the scientist call the presidents ?	no
Unless the athlete avoided the managers , the president waited .	Did the athlete avoid the managers ?	no
Whether or not the scientists performed , the professors waited .	Did the scientists perform ?	no
Unless the president ran , the artists supported the doctor .	Did the president run ?	no
Whether or not the judges encouraged the students , the tourist arrived .	Did the judges encourage the students ?	no
In case the tourist called the artists , the president believed the scientists .	Did the tourist call the artists ?	no
Unless the managers ran , the scientist slept .	Did the managers run ?	no
Unless the actors saw the secretary , the lawyers admired the presidents .	Did the actors see the secretary ?	no
If the professor encouraged the manager , the senator thanked the banker .	Did the professor encourage the manager ?	no
Whether or not the authors recommended the athlete , the secretaries recognized the professors .	Did the authors recommend the athlete ?	no
Whether or not the secretary stopped the actors , the artist helped the bankers .	Did the secretary stop the actors ?	no
Whether or not the professor thanked the athlete , the secretaries arrived .	Did the professor thank the athlete ?	no
If the actors stopped the bankers , the tourists called the scientists .	Did the actors stop the bankers ?	no
Whether or not the tourist believed the lawyer , the athlete admired the president .	Did the tourist believe the lawyer ?	no
Whether or not the professor admired the judge , the presidents advised the doctors .	Did the professor admire the judge ?	no
In case the managers saw the judge , the banker avoided the president .	Did the managers see the judge ?	no
Whether or not the judge encouraged the artists , the senator danced .	Did the judge encourage the artists ?	no
If the judge shouted , the professors encouraged the senators .	Did the judge shout ?	no
In case the scientist supported the lawyers , the president called the senator .	Did the scientist support the lawyers ?	no
In case the scientists encouraged the actor , the artists avoided the professors .	Did the scientists encourage the actor ?	no
Whether or not the secretary advised the athletes , the artist mentioned the managers .	Did the secretary advise the athletes ?	no
In case the banker slept , the student ran .	Did the banker sleep ?	no
Unless the managers resigned , the athletes performed .	Did the managers resign ?	no
Whether or not the scientists slept , the senator helped the artist .	Did the scientists sleep ?	no
If the secretary danced , the scientists arrived .	Did the secretary dance ?	no
In case the president supported the manager , the banker called the scientists .	Did the president support the manager ?	no
In case the authors advised the athlete , the judges admired the lawyer .	Did the authors advise the athlete ?	no
If the artists saw the doctors , the judges resigned .	Did the artists see the doctors ?	no
In case the banker encouraged the doctor , the athlete recommended the managers .	Did the banker encourage the doctor ?	no
In case the artists danced , the tourists ran .	Did the artists dance ?	no
In case the bankers danced , the secretary recommended the scientists .	Did the bankers dance ?	no
If the authors admired the students , the actor avoided the lawyers .	Did the authors admire the students ?	no
Whether or not the senators resigned , the manager recognized the professors .	Did the senators resign ?	no
If the senators encouraged the president , the banker helped the scientist .	Did the senators encourage the president ?	no
Unless the athlete recognized the manager , the authors resigned .	Did the athlete recognize the manager ?	no
Whether or not the artists saw the tourists , the senator avoided the author .	Did the artists see the tourists ?	no
If the scientists admired the artist , the actor helped the manager .	Did the scientists admire the artist ?	no
If the actors arrived , the managers encouraged the judges .	Did the actors arrive ?	no
Unless the athlete stopped the actors , the authors danced .	Did the athlete stop the actors ?	no
If the senators ran , the presidents slept .	Did the senators run ?	no
Unless the lawyer supported the artists , the secretary saw the president .	Did the lawyer support the artists ?	no
Unless the doctor recognized the lawyers , the president encouraged the athletes .	Did the doctor recognize the lawyers ?	no
If the bankers arrived , the professors advised the presidents .	Did the bankers arrive ?	no
Whether or not the lawyer believed the athletes , the judges admired the actors .	Did the lawyer believe the athletes ?	no
Whether or not the judges arrived , the scientist slept .	Did the judges arrive ?	no
If the student resigned , the doctors thanked the bankers .	Did the student resign ?	no
If the president recommended the tourist , the professors recognized the secretaries .	Did the president recommend the tourist ?	no
Whether or not the doctor called the authors , the judges danced .	Did the doctor call the authors ?	no
In case the banker stopped the secretary , the doctor avoided the actor .	Did the banker stop the secretary ?	no
Unless the manager ran , the secretaries supported the students .	Did the manager run ?	no
In case the students avoided the manager , the athletes slept .	Did the students avoid the manager ?	no
In case the managers danced , the author recommended the athletes .	Did the managers dance ?	no
In case the scientists helped the doctor , the professors ran .	Did the scientists help the doctor ?	no
Whether or not the lawyers performed , the artist encouraged the banker .	Did the lawyers perform ?	no
Unless the scientist admired the authors , the president recognized the tourist .	Did the scientist admire the authors ?	no
Unless the judge thanked the manager , the students helped the athletes .	Did the judge thank the manager ?	no
Whether or not the managers slept , the senator resigned .	Did the managers sleep ?	no
Unless the doctors admired the secretary , the judges thanked the authors .	Did the doctors admire the secretary ?	no
Unless the author saw the tourists , the lawyer arrived .	Did the author see the tourists ?	no
Unless the author helped the scientist , the banker introduced the judge .	Did the author help the scientist ?	no
If the manager danced , the presidents ran .	Did the manager dance ?	no
Whether or not the student helped the professor , the scientist danced .	Did the student help the professor ?	no
In case the managers resigned , the banker called the tourists .	Did the managers resign ?	no
Whether or not the managers encouraged the presidents , the actors waited .	Did the managers encourage the presidents ?	no
Unless the judge admired the scientists , the lawyer performed .	Did the judge admire the scientists ?	no
Unless the secretaries waited , the professor arrived .	Did the secretaries wait ?	no
If the athletes waited , the authors believed the actors .	Did the athletes wait ?	no
In case the professors called the manager , the secretaries introduced the doctor .	Did the professors call the manager ?	no
In case the athlete slept , the judges introduced the doctors .	Did the athlete sleep ?	no
Whether or not the actor slept , the students helped the author .	Did the actor sleep ?	no
Unless the doctor slept , the president ran .	Did the doctor sleep ?	no
If the athlete avoided the secretary , the lawyer performed .	Did the athlete avoid the secretary ?	no
Whether or not the senators mentioned the president , the actors thanked the banker .	Did the senators mention the president ?	no
In case the senator supported the actor , the lawyer performed .	Did the senator support the actor ?	no
In case the managers arrived , the scientist shouted .	Did the managers arrive ?	no
Whether or not the scientist called the doctor , the actors resigned .	Did the scientist call the doctor ?	no
If the secretaries resigned , the athletes shouted .	Did the secretaries resign ?	no
Unless the scientists contacted the authors , the lawyer introduced the athletes .	Did the scientists contact the authors ?	no
Unless the doctors supported the artists , the banker believed the scientists .	Did the doctors support the artists ?	no
Unless the scientist slept , the professors shouted .	Did the scientist sleep ?	no
Whether or not the athlete recommended the professors , the scientists helped the presidents .	Did the athlete recommend the professors ?	no
Unless the athletes recognized the secretary , the judges stopped the manager .	Did the athletes recognize the secretary ?	no
In case the tourists encouraged the senators , the lawyers helped the doctor .	Did the tourists encourage the senators ?	no
In case the senator avoided the actors , the presidents slept .	Did the senator avoid the actors ?	no
In case the senator contacted the judge , the lawyer recognized the tourists .	Did the senator contact the judge ?	no
Whether or not the tourist arrived , the professors helped the banker .	Did the tourist arrive ?	no
If the judges advised the scientists , the doctor contacted the president .	Did the judges advise the scientists ?	no
Whether or not the scientists supported the professors , the actor slept .	Did the scientists support the professors ?	no
In case the senator danced , the tourists ran .	Did the senator dance ?	no
If the athlete shouted , the president mentioned the actors .	Did the athlete shout ?	no
If the student slept , the professor believed the actors .	Did the student sleep ?	no
If the scientist stopped the artists , the presidents resigned .	Did the scientist stop the artists ?	no
Unless the lawyer believed the authors , the artist helped the president .	Did the lawyer believe the authors ?	no
Unless the scientist advised the students , the president shouted .	Did the scientist advise the students ?	no
Whether or not the lawyer called the presidents , the artists shouted .	Did the lawyer call the presidents ?	no
Unless the scientists supported the professor , the judge recommended the artist .	Did the scientists support the professor ?	no
Unless the bankers thanked the secretaries , the judges admired the students .	Did the bankers thank the secretaries ?	no
If the actors performed , the athletes admired the judges .	Did the actors perform ?	no
If the senators avoided the artist , the actors called the bankers .	Did the senators avoid the artist ?	no
If the senators admired the actors , the artists resigned .	Did the senators admire the actors ?	no
Unless the athletes supported the scientist , the actor arrived .	Did the athletes support the scientist ?	no
Whether or not the authors waited , the scientist advised the athletes .	Did the authors wait ?	no
Unless the actor resigned , the tourist waited .	Did the actor resign ?	no
If the judges recognized the manager , the tourists shouted .	Did the judges recognize the manager ?	no
If the secretaries avoided the manager , the authors ran .	Did the secretaries avoid the manager ?	no
In case the lawyers ran , the secretaries admired the banker .	Did the lawyers run ?	no
Unless the president advised the actor , the scientist recommended the authors .	Did the president advise the actor ?	no
In case the manager recommended the secretaries , the actors mentioned the doctor .	Did the manager recommend the secretaries ?	no
Whether or not the judge admired the actors , the president performed .	Did the judge admire the actors ?	no
In case the secretaries slept , the professors avoided the doctor .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	no
In case the banker encouraged the president , the student called the senator .	Did the banker encourage the president ?	no
In case the secretary mentioned the tourists , the manager ran .	Did the secretary mention the tourists ?	no
Unless the doctor called the judges , the scientist encouraged the authors .	Did the doctor call the judges ?	no
Whether or not the managers avoided the senator , the secretary advised the president .	Did the managers avoid the senator ?	no
Whether or not the judges arrived , the athletes performed .	Did the judges arrive ?	no
In case the judges saw the actors , the tourist ran .	Did the judges see the actors ?	no
In case the scientists encouraged the doctor , the artist performed .	Did the scientists encourage the doctor ?	no
Whether or not the artist resigned , the secretaries encouraged the doctor .	Did the artist resign ?	no
If the managers thanked the lawyers , the doctors advised the authors .	Did the managers thank the lawyers ?	no
Whether or not the professors thanked the secretary , the lawyer performed .	Did the professors thank the secretary ?	no
In case the artists helped the senators , the tourists danced .	Did the artists help the senators ?	no
If the tourists called the secretary , the actors waited .	Did the tourists call the secretary ?	no
If the lawyers arrived , the presidents contacted the scientist .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	no
If the actor supported the manager , the secretaries advised the author .	Did the actor support the manager ?	no
If the professor contacted the presidents , the artist introduced the secretaries .	Did the professor contact the presidents ?	no
If the bankers performed , the judges mentioned the professor .	Did the bankers perform ?	no
Whether or not the actors helped the athletes , the lawyers stopped the judges .	Did the actors help the athletes ?	no
Unless the presidents danced , the author encouraged the artist .	Did the presidents dance ?	no
If the presidents ran , the senators recommended the author .	Did the presidents run ?	no
Unless the senator recognized the manager , the authors shouted .	Did the senator recognize the manager ?	no
Unless the tourists contacted the doctor , the senators thanked the judges .	Did the tourists contact the doctor ?	no
If the students mentioned the presidents , the bankers believed the judges .	Did the students mention the presidents ?	no
Unless the artists arrived , the managers contacted the athlete .	Did the artists arrive ?	no
Whether or not the author recommended the banker , the lawyer slept .	Did the author recommend the banker ?	no
Whether or not the professor shouted , the athlete ran .	Did the professor shout ?	no
Unless the bankers danced , the manager recommended the professor .	Did the bankers dance ?	no
If the scientists admired the banker , the tourist helped the authors .	Did the scientists admire the banker ?	no
In case the secretaries waited , the tourists arrived .	Did the secretaries wait ?	no
In case the lawyers avoided the professors , the secretaries recognized the scientists .	Did the lawyers avoid the professors ?	no
If the secretary introduced the judge , the banker avoided the tourist .	Did the secretary introduce the judge ?	no
If the doctors shouted , the lawyers introduced the authors .	Did the doctors shout ?	no
Whether or not the doctors avoided the lawyers , the scientist recommended the actor .	Did the doctors avoid the lawyers ?	no
If the artists supported the tourist , the students avoided the bankers .	Did the artists support the tourist ?	no
In case the bankers called the tourists , the professors recognized the athletes .	Did the bankers call the tourists ?	no
In case the secretary saw the lawyers , the managers avoided the artist .	Did the secretary see the lawyers ?	no
Unless the scientists stopped the manager , the authors ran .	Did the scientists stop the manager ?	no
In case the actors danced , the secretaries believed the athlete .	Did the actors dance ?	no
Unless the president ran , the lawyers encouraged the judges .	Did the president run ?	no
Whether or not the secretary supported the manager , the bankers danced .	Did the secretary support the manager ?	no
In case the secretaries believed the judges , the senator resigned .	Did the secretaries believe the judges ?	no
Unless the artists resigned , the doctors stopped the senators .	Did the artists resign ?	no
Whether or not the athlete helped the manager , the actors advised the bankers .	Did the athlete help the manager ?	no
In case the artists encouraged the senators , the scientist introduced the bankers .	Did the artists encourage the senators ?	no
Whether or not the scientists believed the author , the judge danced .	Did the scientists believe the author ?	no
If the doctors avoided the senators , the artist contacted the students .	Did the doctors avoid the senators ?	no
Whether or not the presidents resigned , the professor shouted .	Did the presidents resign ?	no
In case the athlete performed , the artist believed the banker .	Did the athlete perform ?	no
Unless the doctor arrived , the artists mentioned the president .	Did the doctor arrive ?	no
Whether or not the professor advised the student , the artists thanked the doctor .	Did the professor advise the student ?	no
Whether or not the lawyer introduced the author , the scientist contacted the athletes .	Did the lawyer introduce the author ?	no
If the artist mentioned the actor , the professor recognized the secretary .	Did the artist mention the actor ?	no
In case the judges helped the lawyers , the athletes ran .	Did the judges help the lawyers ?	no
In case the bankers danced , the scientist shouted .	Did the bankers dance ?	no
In case the secretaries performed , the scientists called the bankers .	Did the secretaries perform ?	no
Whether or not the senator contacted the tourists , the student avoided the presidents .	Did the senator contact the tourists ?	no
Whether or not the artist waited , the athletes ran .	Did the artist wait ?	no
Whether or not the manager admired the secretaries , the athletes shouted .	Did the manager admire the secretaries ?	no
In case the manager mentioned the scientists , the professor waited .	Did the manager mention the scientists ?	no
Unless the scientists recommended the senators , the athletes arrived .	Did the scientists recommend the senators ?	no
In case the author called the artists , the judge introduced the manager .	Did the author call the artists ?	no
Unless the judge recommended the authors , the actor contacted the athlete .	Did the judge recommend the authors ?	no
Whether or not the bankers ran , the author helped the students .	Did the bankers run ?	no
If the scientists danced , the tourists arrived .	Did the scientists dance ?	no
If the managers helped the artist , the author believed the lawyer .	Did the managers help the artist ?	no
In case the doctor shouted , the student encouraged the athletes .	Did the doctor shout ?	no
Whether or not the doctors admired the secretary , the lawyers danced .	Did the doctors admire the secretary ?	no
In case the secretary advised the doctors , the scientist introduced the judges .	Did the secretary advise the doctors ?	no
In case the bankers shouted , the student avoided the doctor .	Did the bankers shout ?	no
Unless the student believed the manager , the doctor waited .	Did the student believe the manager ?	no
Whether or not the scientists ran , the professor performed .	Did the scientists run ?	no
In case the athletes admired the managers , the tourist recognized the senators .	Did the athletes admire the managers ?	no
In case the scientists contacted the lawyer , the artist shouted .	Did the scientists contact the lawyer ?	no
Unless the presidents ran , the artist saw the actors .	Did the presidents run ?	no
Whether or not the judges admired the bankers , the actors advised the artists .	Did the judges admire the bankers ?	no
Unless the secretary ran , the actors called the athlete .	Did the secretary run ?	no
If the doctor stopped the secretaries , the lawyers arrived .	Did the doctor stop the secretaries ?	no
Whether or not the student contacted the tourists , the professors danced .	Did the student contact the tourists ?	no
Unless the professors encouraged the students , the doctors performed .	Did the professors encourage the students ?	no
In case the judges advised the artist , the secretaries admired the bankers .	Did the judges advise the artist ?	no
In case the lawyer supported the senator , the professor helped the bankers .	Did the lawyer support the senator ?	no
Unless the secretary ran , the president mentioned the athletes .	Did the secretary run ?	no
If the managers stopped the actor , the doctors introduced the scientists .	Did the managers stop the actor ?	no
If the scientists recommended the bankers , the student recognized the professors .	Did the scientists recommend the bankers ?	no
Unless the students helped the tourist , the professors slept .	Did the students help the tourist ?	no
In case the scientist mentioned the student , the lawyers recommended the judge .	Did the scientist mention the student ?	no
In case the actor slept , the tourist contacted the artists .	Did the actor sleep ?	no
In case the athlete recognized the banker , the student shouted .	Did the athlete recognize the banker ?	no
Whether or not the doctors shouted , the senators performed .	Did the doctors shout ?	no
In case the doctor waited , the banker stopped the athlete .	Did the doctor wait ?	no
If the actors danced , the athlete performed .	Did the actors dance ?	no
Unless the professors shouted , the lawyers recognized the scientist .	Did the professors shout ?	no
If the tourists advised the manager , the author waited .	Did the tourists advise the manager ?	no
If the senators shouted , the actor supported the tourist .	Did the senators shout ?	no
Whether or not the authors ran , the bankers supported the athletes .	Did the authors run ?	no
If the scientist recognized the banker , the athlete thanked the tourists .	Did the scientist recognize the banker ?	no
If the doctors ran , the tourists helped the professors .	Did the doctors run ?	no
Unless the secretary ran , the professors danced .	Did the secretary run ?	no
If the artist called the tourists , the lawyers waited .	Did the artist call the tourists ?	no
In case the tourist helped the author , the scientists stopped the actor .	Did the tourist help the author ?	no
In case the author believed the lawyers , the artist danced .	Did the author believe the lawyers ?	no
Whether or not the scientists supported the authors , the lawyer advised the secretaries .	Did the scientists support the authors ?	no
In case the senators performed , the athlete arrived .	Did the senators perform ?	no
In case the students performed , the judges shouted .	Did the students perform ?	no
In case the scientists waited , the lawyer performed .	Did the scientists wait ?	no
Unless the president admired the secretary , the managers performed .	Did the president admire the secretary ?	no
Whether or not the doctor admired the lawyers , the judge called the author .	Did the doctor admire the lawyers ?	no
If the artist thanked the lawyers , the student arrived .	Did the artist thank the lawyers ?	no
If the bankers waited , the judges recommended the athletes .	Did the bankers wait ?	no
Whether or not the lawyer danced , the actors avoided the tourists .	Did the lawyer dance ?	no
Whether or not the authors thanked the managers , the doctor called the scientists .	Did the authors thank the managers ?	no
Whether or not the managers slept , the banker contacted the judges .	Did the managers sleep ?	no
If the senator thanked the managers , the scientists mentioned the judge .	Did the senator thank the managers ?	no
Unless the actors shouted , the artists arrived .	Did the actors shout ?	no
Unless the actor resigned , the senator believed the tourists .	Did the actor resign ?	no
If the authors shouted , the scientists recommended the tourists .	Did the authors shout ?	no
In case the judges performed , the president danced .	Did the judges perform ?	no
Unless the banker thanked the secretary , the senators called the manager .	Did the banker thank the secretary ?	no
In case the manager recommended the lawyers , the authors admired the artist .	Did the manager recommend the lawyers ?	no
If the tourist avoided the senators , the lawyers helped the artists .	Did the tourist avoid the senators ?	no
Unless the banker called the lawyers , the actors avoided the tourists .	Did the banker call the lawyers ?	no
If the scientists shouted , the lawyer danced .	Did the scientists shout ?	no
Unless the athlete performed , the secretary introduced the artist .	Did the athlete perform ?	no
In case the athlete arrived , the senator ran .	Did the athlete arrive ?	no
Unless the manager stopped the author , the tourist thanked the professors .	Did the manager stop the author ?	no
If the managers encouraged the senator , the student performed .	Did the managers encourage the senator ?	no
Unless the senators contacted the doctors , the professor helped the judges .	Did the senators contact the doctors ?	no
Unless the bankers recognized the secretary , the president called the lawyer .	Did the bankers recognize the secretary ?	no
If the student advised the tourist , the senator encouraged the author .	Did the student advise the tourist ?	no
Unless the judge saw the actors , the authors recognized the tourists .	Did the judge see the actors ?	no
If the lawyer admired the author , the bankers avoided the athletes .	Did the lawyer admire the author ?	no
Whether or not the scientists mentioned the secretaries , the tourist encouraged the senator .	Did the scientists mention the secretaries ?	no
If the judges recommended the secretaries , the professors recognized the banker .	Did the judges recommend the secretaries ?	no
Unless the professors contacted the judge , the student helped the lawyer .	Did the professors contact the judge ?	no
Whether or not the author slept , the senator recommended the professors .	Did the author sleep ?	no
Whether or not the bankers slept , the lawyer admired the artists .	Did the bankers sleep ?	no
If the tourist performed , the secretary helped the artists .	Did the tourist perform ?	no
Whether or not the artists contacted the doctor , the senators mentioned the professor .	Did the artists contact the doctor ?	no
Unless the student advised the secretaries , the judge recognized the artist .	Did the student advise the secretaries ?	no
Whether or not the athletes encouraged the presidents , the doctors waited .	Did the athletes encourage the presidents ?	no
Unless the student supported the athletes , the scientist arrived .	Did the student support the athletes ?	no
Whether or not the tourist recognized the manager , the athlete danced .	Did the tourist recognize the manager ?	no
Whether or not the tourist ran , the presidents encouraged the athletes .	Did the tourist run ?	no
Whether or not the tourists arrived , the scientist saw the bankers .	Did the tourists arrive ?	no
If the scientists recommended the students , the managers waited .	Did the scientists recommend the students ?	no
Whether or not the judges recognized the president , the lawyers shouted .	Did the judges recognize the president ?	no
If the tourist shouted , the managers recognized the athlete .	Did the tourist shout ?	no
Unless the tourists performed , the students introduced the author .	Did the tourists perform ?	no
If the doctors arrived , the secretary advised the tourist .	Did the doctors arrive ?	no
In case the bankers recommended the doctor , the professor helped the athletes .	Did the bankers recommend the doctor ?	no
In case the presidents stopped the judges , the students resigned .	Did the presidents stop the judges ?	no
Whether or not the secretaries helped the president , the lawyers waited .	Did the secretaries help the president ?	no
Unless the authors mentioned the athletes , the banker avoided the lawyer .	Did the authors mention the athletes ?	no
Whether or not the judges advised the secretary , the doctor mentioned the students .	Did the judges advise the secretary ?	no
In case the professor contacted the managers , the doctor advised the artists .	Did the professor contact the managers ?	no
Whether or not the student slept , the actors contacted the artist .	Did the student sleep ?	no
If the student recognized the artist , the lawyer performed .	Did the student recognize the artist ?	no
Unless the artist shouted , the banker slept .	Did the artist shout ?	no
Unless the bankers introduced the scientists , the student thanked the professor .	Did the bankers introduce the scientists ?	no
Whether or not the athlete helped the judge , the banker stopped the student .	Did the athlete help the judge ?	no
If the secretary mentioned the senator , the authors admired the managers .	Did the secretary mention the senator ?	no
In case the president waited , the judges slept .	Did the president wait ?	no
Whether or not the tourists introduced the athlete , the bankers called the judge .	Did the tourists introduce the athlete ?	no
Unless the banker encouraged the lawyer , the judge recognized the scientist .	Did the banker encourage the lawyer ?	no
If the managers waited , the bankers ran .	Did the managers wait ?	no
Whether or not the student saw the secretaries , the authors waited .	Did the student see the secretaries ?	no
Unless the students introduced the professor , the manager supported the doctor .	Did the students introduce the professor ?	no
In case the athletes slept , the scientist saw the authors .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
Whether or not the athletes avoided the judges , the author ran .	Did the athletes avoid the judges ?	no
Unless the actors resigned , the banker arrived .	Did the actors resign ?	no
Whether or not the secretary danced , the artist thanked the doctor .	Did the secretary dance ?	no
If the president waited , the scientist admired the senators .	Did the president wait ?	no
If the managers slept , the secretaries resigned .	Did the managers sleep ?	no
Unless the lawyers admired the athlete , the professor recognized the doctors .	Did the lawyers admire the athlete ?	no
Unless the judge called the banker , the athletes thanked the author .	Did the judge call the banker ?	no
If the artists shouted , the doctor slept .	Did the artists shout ?	no
Unless the tourists shouted , the doctor helped the lawyers .	Did the tourists shout ?	no
Whether or not the artist introduced the doctor , the professors thanked the scientists .	Did the artist introduce the doctor ?	no
Unless the lawyers saw the scientists , the secretaries arrived .	Did the lawyers see the scientists ?	no
If the lawyers recommended the authors , the professors recognized the artist .	Did the lawyers recommend the authors ?	no
Unless the actor avoided the student , the doctor recommended the judges .	Did the actor avoid the student ?	no
In case the artists slept , the actor waited .	Did the artists sleep ?	no
Unless the senators shouted , the athletes arrived .	Did the senators shout ?	no
Whether or not the authors ran , the judges recommended the professors .	Did the authors run ?	no
Whether or not the banker stopped the artists , the doctor mentioned the secretary .	Did the banker stop the artists ?	no
In case the artists shouted , the senators waited .	Did the artists shout ?	no
If the authors slept , the students admired the athlete .	Did the authors sleep ?	no
In case the manager believed the banker , the professor mentioned the judge .	Did the manager believe the banker ?	no
In case the judge recognized the lawyers , the bankers danced .	Did the judge recognize the lawyers ?	no
Whether or not the bankers resigned , the doctor believed the managers .	Did the bankers resign ?	no
In case the professor believed the authors , the artists helped the actor .	Did the professor believe the authors ?	no
In case the president called the secretary , the actors contacted the author .	Did the president call the secretary ?	no
If the managers saw the tourist , the senators shouted .	Did the managers see the tourist ?	no
Unless the artists advised the actor , the author called the judge .	Did the artists advise the actor ?	no
If the tourist stopped the professors , the lawyer thanked the artists .	Did the tourist stop the professors ?	no
If the artists introduced the doctor , the student advised the lawyers .	Did the artists introduce the doctor ?	no
If the managers saw the senators , the judges introduced the athletes .	Did the managers see the senators ?	no
Whether or not the judge admired the tourist , the professors slept .	Did the judge admire the tourist ?	no
If the artist stopped the senators , the athlete arrived .	Did the artist stop the senators ?	no
If the professors mentioned the artist , the tourist arrived .	Did the professors mention the artist ?	no
If the presidents believed the senators , the actors saw the manager .	Did the presidents believe the senators ?	no
In case the scientists advised the banker , the professors admired the actor .	Did the scientists advise the banker ?	no
Unless the banker recommended the professor , the tourist saw the student .	Did the banker recommend the professor ?	no
Whether or not the actors waited , the presidents recommended the senator .	Did the actors wait ?	no
In case the judges mentioned the scientists , the senator contacted the professor .	Did the judges mention the scientists ?	no
If the scientists danced , the professors helped the tourists .	Did the scientists dance ?	no
If the doctor contacted the student , the judges mentioned the scientists .	Did the doctor contact the student ?	no
Whether or not the banker recommended the secretary , the presidents danced .	Did the banker recommend the secretary ?	no
Whether or not the tourist called the bankers , the doctors performed .	Did the tourist call the bankers ?	no
If the secretary called the professors , the managers slept .	Did the secretary call the professors ?	no
If the doctor shouted , the actors called the athletes .	Did the doctor shout ?	no
Whether or not the secretary danced , the lawyer mentioned the authors .	Did the secretary dance ?	no
Whether or not the banker mentioned the scientists , the author stopped the actor .	Did the banker mention the scientists ?	no
Unless the president advised the manager , the doctors admired the judge .	Did the president advise the manager ?	no
If the doctor slept , the judges advised the athlete .	Did the doctor sleep ?	no
If the students introduced the actor , the tourists contacted the athletes .	Did the students introduce the actor ?	no
In case the athletes contacted the manager , the tourist encouraged the presidents .	Did the athletes contact the manager ?	no
In case the senators arrived , the president supported the secretaries .	Did the senators arrive ?	no
Unless the scientist advised the artists , the author saw the student .	Did the scientist advise the artists ?	no
Whether or not the manager slept , the presidents advised the doctor .	Did the manager sleep ?	no
Whether or not the students encouraged the secretaries , the doctor advised the professors .	Did the students encourage the secretaries ?	no
If the artist waited , the scientists encouraged the athlete .	Did the artist wait ?	no
Unless the senators arrived , the president contacted the banker .	Did the senators arrive ?	no
Unless the scientists slept , the senators advised the secretary .	Did the scientists sleep ?	no
In case the student mentioned the manager , the senators waited .	Did the student mention the manager ?	no
Unless the author slept , the athlete supported the senators .	Did the author sleep ?	no
If the lawyer arrived , the manager slept .	Did the lawyer arrive ?	no
Whether or not the professors stopped the bankers , the students saw the judges .	Did the professors stop the bankers ?	no
Unless the lawyers thanked the judges , the scientists admired the senators .	Did the lawyers thank the judges ?	no
Whether or not the manager mentioned the author , the athlete avoided the judges .	Did the manager mention the author ?	no
Unless the senator performed , the actors supported the managers .	Did the senator perform ?	no
Whether or not the authors saw the professor , the secretaries stopped the banker .	Did the authors see the professor ?	no
Whether or not the lawyers helped the tourists , the actor stopped the banker .	Did the lawyers help the tourists ?	no
Whether or not the tourist helped the judges , the actor recognized the doctors .	Did the tourist help the judges ?	no
Unless the author saw the doctor , the senator recognized the artist .	Did the author see the doctor ?	no
If the doctors slept , the scientist waited .	Did the doctors sleep ?	no
Whether or not the secretaries resigned , the lawyers waited .	Did the secretaries resign ?	no
Unless the lawyers performed , the actor avoided the secretary .	Did the lawyers perform ?	no
Whether or not the judge recommended the tourists , the artists supported the doctor .	Did the judge recommend the tourists ?	no
Whether or not the manager performed , the actors waited .	Did the manager perform ?	no
Whether or not the athletes danced , the scientist introduced the lawyers .	Did the athletes dance ?	no
Whether or not the actor admired the athletes , the manager contacted the secretaries .	Did the actor admire the athletes ?	no
Unless the managers danced , the professors believed the senator .	Did the managers dance ?	no
If the doctors contacted the lawyer , the professor introduced the manager .	Did the doctors contact the lawyer ?	no
If the tourist saw the senators , the banker waited .	Did the tourist see the senators ?	no
Unless the actor encouraged the author , the students shouted .	Did the actor encourage the author ?	no
In case the artist recognized the authors , the senators shouted .	Did the artist recognize the authors ?	no
If the managers danced , the doctors encouraged the scientists .	Did the managers dance ?	no
If the author slept , the doctor advised the judges .	Did the author sleep ?	no
If the student helped the doctors , the managers waited .	Did the student help the doctors ?	no
If the banker arrived , the professor contacted the actors .	Did the banker arrive ?	no
Whether or not the professors called the tourist , the judge saw the scientists .	Did the professors call the tourist ?	no
Unless the artist slept , the tourists supported the athletes .	Did the artist sleep ?	no
Whether or not the tourist mentioned the athletes , the managers stopped the professor .	Did the tourist mention the athletes ?	no
Unless the judge mentioned the artists , the senator called the presidents .	Did the judge mention the artists ?	no
Whether or not the actors saw the artist , the judge supported the manager .	Did the actors see the artist ?	no
In case the artists recommended the authors , the athlete contacted the tourist .	Did the artists recommend the authors ?	no
Unless the lawyer recommended the scientist , the senator admired the judge .	Did the lawyer recommend the scientist ?	no
If the athletes performed , the actor avoided the secretaries .	Did the athletes perform ?	no
Whether or not the professors slept , the doctor recognized the tourists .	Did the professors sleep ?	no
Unless the doctor thanked the professors , the bankers recommended the manager .	Did the doctor thank the professors ?	no
Unless the banker ran , the athlete helped the student .	Did the banker run ?	no
If the student called the manager , the secretary saw the bankers .	Did the student call the manager ?	no
If the artists supported the authors , the tourist admired the athletes .	Did the artists support the authors ?	no
Whether or not the secretaries encouraged the athlete , the lawyers admired the students .	Did the secretaries encourage the athlete ?	no
Whether or not the judge helped the professors , the lawyers thanked the manager .	Did the judge help the professors ?	no
Unless the bankers saw the secretary , the actors arrived .	Did the bankers see the secretary ?	no
In case the bankers mentioned the doctors , the secretaries ran .	Did the bankers mention the doctors ?	no
Whether or not the actor danced , the secretaries stopped the doctor .	Did the actor dance ?	no
If the banker mentioned the lawyer , the artist danced .	Did the banker mention the lawyer ?	no
Unless the managers introduced the senators , the presidents slept .	Did the managers introduce the senators ?	no
If the student shouted , the tourist recommended the scientists .	Did the student shout ?	no
Whether or not the actors contacted the senators , the authors resigned .	Did the actors contact the senators ?	no
Unless the artist supported the actors , the doctor contacted the scientist .	Did the artist support the actors ?	no
In case the manager performed , the artist resigned .	Did the manager perform ?	no
Unless the actors danced , the professors recognized the judges .	Did the actors dance ?	no
In case the student contacted the author , the secretaries helped the doctor .	Did the student contact the author ?	no
In case the doctor danced , the senator recognized the actor .	Did the doctor dance ?	no
If the banker waited , the senator slept .	Did the banker wait ?	no
In case the scientists saw the secretary , the students avoided the professor .	Did the scientists see the secretary ?	no
Whether or not the actor supported the author , the banker admired the senators .	Did the actor support the author ?	no
Unless the bankers arrived , the lawyer slept .	Did the bankers arrive ?	no
If the manager supported the lawyers , the secretary slept .	Did the manager support the lawyers ?	no
If the doctor encouraged the secretary , the judge contacted the tourist .	Did the doctor encourage the secretary ?	no
Unless the authors encouraged the artists , the bankers helped the lawyers .	Did the authors encourage the artists ?	no
In case the bankers waited , the manager contacted the author .	Did the bankers wait ?	no
If the senator introduced the lawyers , the artist encouraged the doctors .	Did the senator introduce the lawyers ?	no
In case the students resigned , the secretaries performed .	Did the students resign ?	no
In case the manager waited , the president shouted .	Did the manager wait ?	no
If the actor resigned , the professor recognized the scientists .	Did the actor resign ?	no
Whether or not the professor recommended the secretaries , the tourists called the lawyer .	Did the professor recommend the secretaries ?	no
In case the professors mentioned the secretaries , the actors danced .	Did the professors mention the secretaries ?	no
Unless the scientists saw the student , the banker recommended the professors .	Did the scientists see the student ?	no
If the artists mentioned the student , the senators recognized the authors .	Did the artists mention the student ?	no
In case the scientist advised the student , the tourists recommended the artists .	Did the scientist advise the student ?	no
Whether or not the lawyer introduced the artist , the student helped the authors .	Did the lawyer introduce the artist ?	no
If the bankers helped the senators , the doctors ran .	Did the bankers help the senators ?	no
If the students thanked the actor , the tourist shouted .	Did the students thank the actor ?	no
In case the managers encouraged the artist , the professor resigned .	Did the managers encourage the artist ?	no
Whether or not the secretary helped the lawyer , the student contacted the doctor .	Did the secretary help the lawyer ?	no
Unless the lawyers danced , the judges arrived .	Did the lawyers dance ?	no
If the judge believed the managers , the lawyers avoided the doctors .	Did the judge believe the managers ?	no
If the secretaries helped the students , the lawyers called the professor .	Did the secretaries help the students ?	no
Whether or not the secretaries helped the athlete , the scientist waited .	Did the secretaries help the athlete ?	no
Unless the scientist admired the tourist , the judges saw the students .	Did the scientist admire the tourist ?	no
If the lawyer saw the banker , the actors contacted the artist .	Did the lawyer see the banker ?	no
Unless the senator arrived , the lawyer thanked the actor .	Did the senator arrive ?	no
Whether or not the judge encouraged the presidents , the banker recommended the actor .	Did the judge encourage the presidents ?	no
Whether or not the lawyer advised the artists , the athlete resigned .	Did the lawyer advise the artists ?	no
Whether or not the student mentioned the president , the scientist waited .	Did the student mention the president ?	no
If the author avoided the lawyer , the actor helped the doctor .	Did the author avoid the lawyer ?	no
Whether or not the authors introduced the senator , the tourists contacted the professor .	Did the authors introduce the senator ?	no
Whether or not the student arrived , the judges admired the senator .	Did the student arrive ?	no
Unless the athlete mentioned the secretary , the professor performed .	Did the athlete mention the secretary ?	no
Whether or not the banker ran , the professor called the artists .	Did the banker run ?	no
In case the authors advised the athlete , the scientists helped the professor .	Did the authors advise the athlete ?	no
In case the judge waited , the authors thanked the banker .	Did the judge wait ?	no
Unless the author helped the professor , the students shouted .	Did the author help the professor ?	no
In case the doctor waited , the banker stopped the lawyer .	Did the doctor wait ?	no
In case the artists recognized the scientist , the managers arrived .	Did the artists recognize the scientist ?	no
Unless the lawyer stopped the artist , the athletes resigned .	Did the lawyer stop the artist ?	no
In case the authors introduced the artist , the president helped the doctor .	Did the authors introduce the artist ?	no
If the secretary mentioned the professor , the managers shouted .	Did the secretary mention the professor ?	no
Unless the scientists saw the author , the tourist slept .	Did the scientists see the author ?	no
Whether or not the scientist slept , the actor avoided the doctor .	Did the scientist sleep ?	no
Unless the judges called the actors , the banker resigned .	Did the judges call the actors ?	no
In case the senators contacted the author , the banker stopped the actors .	Did the senators contact the author ?	no
If the scientists believed the doctors , the student contacted the artist .	Did the scientists believe the doctors ?	no
Unless the tourists performed , the managers arrived .	Did the tourists perform ?	no
Whether or not the bankers advised the doctors , the artist shouted .	Did the bankers advise the doctors ?	no
Whether or not the tourists avoided the students , the author saw the presidents .	Did the tourists avoid the students ?	no
If the athletes ran , the managers supported the actor .	Did the athletes run ?	no
In case the managers saw the lawyer , the artists waited .	Did the managers see the lawyer ?	no
In case the tourists shouted , the author believed the artists .	Did the tourists shout ?	no
Whether or not the senator supported the secretaries , the tourists recognized the artists .	Did the senator support the secretaries ?	no
Unless the artist arrived , the secretary contacted the presidents .	Did the artist arrive ?	no
Unless the banker advised the doctors , the lawyer helped the artist .	Did the banker advise the doctors ?	no
Whether or not the actors resigned , the artists slept .	Did the actors resign ?	no
In case the tourists mentioned the judges , the artist avoided the senators .	Did the tourists mention the judges ?	no
In case the students avoided the author , the tourists recognized the president .	Did the students avoid the author ?	no
If the lawyer recommended the actors , the students arrived .	Did the lawyer recommend the actors ?	no
If the senator ran , the president called the tourist .	Did the senator run ?	no
Unless the professors introduced the actor , the senators resigned .	Did the professors introduce the actor ?	no
Whether or not the scientist performed , the student saw the artists .	Did the scientist perform ?	no
Unless the scientist thanked the lawyers , the senators slept .	Did the scientist thank the lawyers ?	no
Unless the artist resigned , the doctors recognized the actors .	Did the artist resign ?	no
Unless the secretary shouted , the scientist slept .	Did the secretary shout ?	no
In case the scientists ran , the author helped the secretaries .	Did the scientists run ?	no
In case the tourists waited , the doctor called the scientist .	Did the tourists wait ?	no
If the athlete saw the doctors , the managers ran .	Did the athlete see the doctors ?	no
If the author believed the presidents , the tourists thanked the banker .	Did the author believe the presidents ?	no
Whether or not the professor ran , the bankers believed the actors .	Did the professor run ?	no
In case the author arrived , the judges recognized the scientist .	Did the author arrive ?	no
Unless the lawyers shouted , the artist introduced the bankers .	Did the lawyers shout ?	no
In case the tourist avoided the students , the artists slept .	Did the tourist avoid the students ?	no
If the president admired the tourists , the athlete slept .	Did the president admire the tourists ?	no
Whether or not the doctor ran , the manager slept .	Did the doctor run ?	no
Unless the senator believed the managers , the student resigned .	Did the senator believe the managers ?	no
In case the judge danced , the author performed .	Did the judge dance ?	no
Whether or not the doctors called the secretaries , the presidents slept .	Did the doctors call the secretaries ?	no
Whether or not the doctors shouted , the presidents introduced the tourists .	Did the doctors shout ?	no
If the senators shouted , the students recommended the artist .	Did the senators shout ?	no
Whether or not the senators supported the judge , the doctor avoided the managers .	Did the senators support the judge ?	no
If the student recommended the managers , the authors danced .	Did the student recommend the managers ?	no
Whether or not the students resigned , the senator stopped the professor .	Did the students resign ?	no
If the senators avoided the presidents , the professors performed .	Did the senators avoid the presidents ?	no
If the secretaries called the lawyer , the scientist supported the actor .	Did the secretaries call the lawyer ?	no
In case the actors resigned , the tourist arrived .	Did the actors resign ?	no
In case the professor avoided the bankers , the presidents shouted .	Did the professor avoid the bankers ?	no
In case the author danced , the actors supported the doctors .	Did the author dance ?	no
Unless the students called the lawyers , the athlete advised the senator .	Did the students call the lawyers ?	no
Whether or not the secretary introduced the students , the authors stopped the doctor .	Did the secretary introduce the students ?	no
Whether or not the managers stopped the artists , the scientists shouted .	Did the managers stop the artists ?	no
Unless the actor introduced the president , the bankers admired the scientists .	Did the actor introduce the president ?	no
If the managers thanked the senator , the professors recommended the tourists .	Did the managers thank the senator ?	no
Whether or not the professor avoided the athlete , the author danced .	Did the professor avoid the athlete ?	no
If the manager performed , the students called the artists .	Did the manager perform ?	no
If the scientists introduced the professors , the actors stopped the banker .	Did the scientists introduce the professors ?	no
Whether or not the senator arrived , the manager avoided the doctor .	Did the senator arrive ?	no
Whether or not the president shouted , the judges mentioned the doctor .	Did the president shout ?	no
Unless the students thanked the secretary , the tourist introduced the judge .	Did the students thank the secretary ?	no
Whether or not the secretary introduced the lawyers , the president mentioned the managers .	Did the secretary introduce the lawyers ?	no
Unless the artist contacted the senators , the judge slept .	Did the artist contact the senators ?	no
Whether or not the scientists admired the athletes , the authors recognized the bankers .	Did the scientists admire the athletes ?	no
If the secretary mentioned the actor , the professor introduced the bankers .	Did the secretary mention the actor ?	no
In case the manager contacted the senators , the artists recognized the actor .	Did the manager contact the senators ?	no
Whether or not the artist admired the manager , the scientist recognized the author .	Did the artist admire the manager ?	no
If the artist slept , the presidents performed .	Did the artist sleep ?	no
Whether or not the tourist helped the actor , the bankers called the senator .	Did the tourist help the actor ?	no
If the student stopped the scientists , the athletes performed .	Did the student stop the scientists ?	no
Unless the athlete ran , the judges supported the artists .	Did the athlete run ?	no
If the scientists waited , the artist thanked the actor .	Did the scientists wait ?	no
If the lawyer resigned , the athlete performed .	Did the lawyer resign ?	no
In case the professor arrived , the secretaries advised the authors .	Did the professor arrive ?	no
If the senators slept , the lawyers advised the secretaries .	Did the senators sleep ?	no
In case the senator shouted , the athlete resigned .	Did the senator shout ?	no
Unless the senator mentioned the managers , the students danced .	Did the senator mention the managers ?	no
Whether or not the doctor contacted the authors , the actor believed the lawyers .	Did the doctor contact the authors ?	no
Unless the lawyer thanked the senators , the artist helped the professors .	Did the lawyer thank the senators ?	no
Unless the authors arrived , the athletes introduced the managers .	Did the authors arrive ?	no
Whether or not the student called the doctor , the managers waited .	Did the student call the doctor ?	no
In case the president mentioned the professor , the athletes ran .	Did the president mention the professor ?	no
In case the professors contacted the students , the managers mentioned the artists .	Did the professors contact the students ?	no
Whether or not the authors shouted , the lawyer slept .	Did the authors shout ?	no
If the actor supported the senators , the tourists waited .	Did the actor support the senators ?	no
If the students encouraged the president , the actors mentioned the senator .	Did the students encourage the president ?	no
Unless the author waited , the scientists slept .	Did the author wait ?	no
In case the tourists encouraged the judges , the athletes arrived .	Did the tourists encourage the judges ?	no
Unless the manager avoided the lawyers , the artist helped the actor .	Did the manager avoid the lawyers ?	no
Whether or not the manager thanked the tourists , the student contacted the professors .	Did the manager thank the tourists ?	no
In case the professor waited , the actor advised the lawyers .	Did the professor wait ?	no
In case the presidents supported the secretaries , the judge advised the actors .	Did the presidents support the secretaries ?	no
If the lawyers called the bankers , the senators admired the president .	Did the lawyers call the bankers ?	no
Unless the senators danced , the scientist ran .	Did the senators dance ?	no
In case the authors advised the athlete , the secretary contacted the artist .	Did the authors advise the athlete ?	no
Whether or not the doctors mentioned the presidents , the judge supported the managers .	Did the doctors mention the presidents ?	no
Unless the presidents introduced the banker , the doctors recommended the students .	Did the presidents introduce the banker ?	no
Whether or not the doctors resigned , the scientist shouted .	Did the doctors resign ?	no
In case the judge helped the tourists , the lawyers admired the scientists .	Did the judge help the tourists ?	no
Whether or not the lawyer danced , the doctors waited .	Did the lawyer dance ?	no
In case the senator avoided the judge , the artist admired the tourist .	Did the senator avoid the judge ?	no
In case the professors stopped the actor , the athlete admired the president .	Did the professors stop the actor ?	no
In case the doctor encouraged the artists , the tourists advised the secretaries .	Did the doctor encourage the artists ?	no
In case the managers advised the doctor , the tourists arrived .	Did the managers advise the doctor ?	no
In case the artists supported the tourist , the scientists admired the senators .	Did the artists support the tourist ?	no
In case the secretary admired the actor , the athlete avoided the manager .	Did the secretary admire the actor ?	no
Unless the scientists recognized the doctors , the judge shouted .	Did the scientists recognize the doctors ?	no
In case the artists mentioned the doctor , the authors helped the president .	Did the artists mention the doctor ?	no
Whether or not the manager thanked the authors , the athlete called the actor .	Did the manager thank the authors ?	no
If the students introduced the athletes , the manager helped the professors .	Did the students introduce the athletes ?	no
In case the scientist supported the artist , the senators slept .	Did the scientist support the artist ?	no
Unless the doctors ran , the author believed the judge .	Did the doctors run ?	no
If the doctor thanked the judge , the actor admired the lawyer .	Did the doctor thank the judge ?	no
Unless the secretaries thanked the tourists , the scientists helped the senators .	Did the secretaries thank the tourists ?	no
Whether or not the secretary arrived , the professor recognized the bankers .	Did the secretary arrive ?	no
Whether or not the judges encouraged the student , the professors resigned .	Did the judges encourage the student ?	no
Unless the student admired the judge , the authors thanked the tourists .	Did the student admire the judge ?	no
In case the managers waited , the judges avoided the presidents .	Did the managers wait ?	no
Unless the artists helped the judges , the presidents avoided the actors .	Did the artists help the judges ?	no
If the student admired the actors , the judges mentioned the athlete .	Did the student admire the actors ?	no
If the artists danced , the scientist avoided the managers .	Did the artists dance ?	no
If the secretaries danced , the athlete recognized the banker .	Did the secretaries dance ?	no
Whether or not the tourist waited , the managers performed .	Did the tourist wait ?	no
If the doctors advised the secretaries , the tourists helped the scientists .	Did the doctors advise the secretaries ?	no
In case the student thanked the tourists , the senators contacted the lawyer .	Did the student thank the tourists ?	no
Unless the actor recommended the athlete , the author waited .	Did the actor recommend the athlete ?	no
If the president shouted , the author called the lawyers .	Did the president shout ?	no
Unless the tourists danced , the doctor believed the president .	Did the tourists dance ?	no
Unless the professor stopped the artist , the doctors supported the managers .	Did the professor stop the artist ?	no
If the scientist called the tourists , the artists believed the actors .	Did the scientist call the tourists ?	no
Unless the bankers mentioned the judges , the manager arrived .	Did the bankers mention the judges ?	no
Whether or not the senator helped the secretaries , the doctors supported the professor .	Did the senator help the secretaries ?	no
Whether or not the presidents helped the author , the senator arrived .	Did the presidents help the author ?	no
In case the lawyers encouraged the managers , the artists danced .	Did the lawyers encourage the managers ?	no
Whether or not the judge recognized the lawyers , the scientists admired the athlete .	Did the judge recognize the lawyers ?	no
Unless the athlete arrived , the president supported the senators .	Did the athlete arrive ?	no
Whether or not the managers called the authors , the doctor slept .	Did the managers call the authors ?	no
Unless the doctor mentioned the judge , the banker saw the author .	Did the doctor mention the judge ?	no
Whether or not the secretaries arrived , the students mentioned the bankers .	Did the secretaries arrive ?	no
If the author danced , the lawyers stopped the judges .	Did the author dance ?	no
If the doctor introduced the authors , the secretaries thanked the senator .	Did the doctor introduce the authors ?	no
Whether or not the tourists danced , the doctor believed the senator .	Did the tourists dance ?	no
Whether or not the author stopped the artists , the student shouted .	Did the author stop the artists ?	no
In case the actor admired the president , the professor waited .	Did the actor admire the president ?	no
In case the doctor admired the presidents , the artists saw the actors .	Did the doctor admire the presidents ?	no
If the actors performed , the professors recognized the manager .	Did the actors perform ?	no
Whether or not the doctors believed the managers , the athlete saw the artist .	Did the doctors believe the managers ?	no
Unless the presidents ran , the actors shouted .	Did the presidents run ?	no
In case the president waited , the secretaries saw the manager .	Did the president wait ?	no
Unless the lawyer saw the managers , the doctor advised the actors .	Did the lawyer see the managers ?	no
Whether or not the actors arrived , the artists mentioned the bankers .	Did the actors arrive ?	no
Unless the lawyer saw the judge , the professors believed the banker .	Did the lawyer see the judge ?	no
Whether or not the tourists saw the artist , the student thanked the president .	Did the tourists see the artist ?	no
Whether or not the bankers called the student , the artists shouted .	Did the bankers call the student ?	no
If the presidents ran , the secretaries contacted the author .	Did the presidents run ?	no
Unless the senators avoided the banker , the president helped the students .	Did the senators avoid the banker ?	no
In case the judge ran , the tourists recommended the managers .	Did the judge run ?	no
Whether or not the authors recognized the artist , the secretary ran .	Did the authors recognize the artist ?	no
If the author waited , the actors saw the managers .	Did the author wait ?	no
If the students introduced the athletes , the secretaries advised the banker .	Did the students introduce the athletes ?	no
Unless the presidents thanked the scientists , the bankers shouted .	Did the presidents thank the scientists ?	no
If the lawyer arrived , the professor believed the presidents .	Did the lawyer arrive ?	no
In case the student recommended the doctors , the actor thanked the professor .	Did the student recommend the doctors ?	no
Unless the managers waited , the president arrived .	Did the managers wait ?	no
If the artist shouted , the bankers recommended the authors .	Did the artist shout ?	no
In case the lawyer called the scientist , the artist helped the actor .	Did the lawyer call the scientist ?	no
Whether or not the athletes stopped the authors , the presidents encouraged the secretaries .	Did the athletes stop the authors ?	no
Unless the tourists stopped the artists , the student waited .	Did the tourists stop the artists ?	no
If the tourists recommended the doctors , the banker stopped the scientist .	Did the tourists recommend the doctors ?	no
In case the actors supported the judges , the senator shouted .	Did the actors support the judges ?	no
In case the professors contacted the lawyer , the secretary encouraged the students .	Did the professors contact the lawyer ?	no
In case the professors contacted the senators , the banker recognized the tourist .	Did the professors contact the senators ?	no
Whether or not the student avoided the author , the secretary thanked the artists .	Did the student avoid the author ?	no
If the manager contacted the doctors , the secretaries mentioned the athlete .	Did the manager contact the doctors ?	no
In case the doctors avoided the senator , the actors believed the banker .	Did the doctors avoid the senator ?	no
Unless the presidents arrived , the actors danced .	Did the presidents arrive ?	no
Whether or not the managers admired the professors , the tourists supported the senator .	Did the managers admire the professors ?	no
Unless the doctor waited , the scientist helped the lawyers .	Did the doctor wait ?	no
Unless the doctor ran , the president avoided the senators .	Did the doctor run ?	no
In case the student admired the artist , the bankers stopped the judges .	Did the student admire the artist ?	no
Unless the artist introduced the lawyer , the secretary performed .	Did the artist introduce the lawyer ?	no
If the student performed , the doctors recommended the banker .	Did the student perform ?	no
Unless the banker advised the judges , the president resigned .	Did the banker advise the judges ?	no
Unless the tourists recognized the student , the actors helped the doctors .	Did the tourists recognize the student ?	no
Unless the athlete resigned , the presidents stopped the scientists .	Did the athlete resign ?	no
Unless the banker thanked the tourist , the lawyers supported the secretary .	Did the banker thank the tourist ?	no
Unless the managers advised the athletes , the banker encouraged the lawyer .	Did the managers advise the athletes ?	no
In case the bankers thanked the senator , the professor shouted .	Did the bankers thank the senator ?	no
In case the students danced , the president saw the actor .	Did the students dance ?	no
Whether or not the bankers advised the athletes , the students saw the actors .	Did the bankers advise the athletes ?	no
If the judge slept , the manager avoided the professor .	Did the judge sleep ?	no
Whether or not the banker contacted the athlete , the students arrived .	Did the banker contact the athlete ?	no
If the presidents resigned , the authors called the scientists .	Did the presidents resign ?	no
If the authors saw the student , the tourist stopped the professors .	Did the authors see the student ?	no
Unless the banker avoided the artist , the actors performed .	Did the banker avoid the artist ?	no
Unless the actor avoided the student , the authors believed the banker .	Did the actor avoid the student ?	no
If the authors avoided the secretaries , the doctor slept .	Did the authors avoid the secretaries ?	no
Whether or not the author believed the banker , the professor advised the student .	Did the author believe the banker ?	no
If the student encouraged the presidents , the scientist admired the secretaries .	Did the student encourage the presidents ?	no
Unless the athletes recognized the secretary , the artist shouted .	Did the athletes recognize the secretary ?	no
If the actor introduced the judge , the lawyer stopped the secretary .	Did the actor introduce the judge ?	no
In case the athlete ran , the author mentioned the presidents .	Did the athlete run ?	no
Whether or not the artist shouted , the doctors admired the secretaries .	Did the artist shout ?	no
Unless the professor mentioned the scientists , the artists arrived .	Did the professor mention the scientists ?	no
Unless the author admired the students , the president stopped the athletes .	Did the author admire the students ?	no
If the secretaries recommended the senator , the artists saw the managers .	Did the secretaries recommend the senator ?	no
In case the banker performed , the lawyers advised the authors .	Did the banker perform ?	no
If the artists performed , the tourists ran .	Did the artists perform ?	no
Unless the judge encouraged the lawyers , the professors avoided the bankers .	Did the judge encourage the lawyers ?	no
In case the actors resigned , the tourists recognized the banker .	Did the actors resign ?	no
If the tourist resigned , the scientists recognized the students .	Did the tourist resign ?	no
In case the judge contacted the doctors , the president admired the senators .	Did the judge contact the doctors ?	no
Whether or not the bankers recommended the lawyer , the judge shouted .	Did the bankers recommend the lawyer ?	no
In case the president performed , the athletes stopped the actor .	Did the president perform ?	no
Whether or not the artists saw the judge , the senator arrived .	Did the artists see the judge ?	no
If the tourist slept , the judges helped the students .	Did the tourist sleep ?	no
Unless the athletes recommended the doctor , the professor mentioned the manager .	Did the athletes recommend the doctor ?	no
In case the actors contacted the athletes , the president called the secretary .	Did the actors contact the athletes ?	no
If the actors supported the manager , the bankers contacted the presidents .	Did the actors support the manager ?	no
Whether or not the artist stopped the authors , the lawyer danced .	Did the artist stop the authors ?	no
If the tourist contacted the senators , the artist helped the authors .	Did the tourist contact the senators ?	no
Unless the lawyer avoided the athlete , the actors saw the senators .	Did the lawyer avoid the athlete ?	no
If the authors admired the tourists , the senator slept .	Did the authors admire the tourists ?	no
Unless the doctors danced , the scientist ran .	Did the doctors dance ?	no
If the artist admired the judges , the athletes arrived .	Did the artist admire the judges ?	no
Unless the authors stopped the judges , the student helped the scientists .	Did the authors stop the judges ?	no
In case the secretaries performed , the professors ran .	Did the secretaries perform ?	no
If the managers ran , the artist supported the athlete .	Did the managers run ?	no
If the students resigned , the authors shouted .	Did the students resign ?	no
Whether or not the banker shouted , the actors stopped the author .	Did the banker shout ?	no
In case the manager contacted the students , the lawyers avoided the judges .	Did the manager contact the students ?	no
If the professor slept , the scientists contacted the secretary .	Did the professor sleep ?	no
In case the student saw the secretaries , the actors performed .	Did the student see the secretaries ?	no
In case the tourists performed , the artist slept .	Did the tourists perform ?	no
Unless the scientists helped the professor , the students performed .	Did the scientists help the professor ?	no
If the tourist called the author , the secretaries introduced the actors .	Did the tourist call the author ?	no
Whether or not the lawyer supported the judge , the artist helped the actors .	Did the lawyer support the judge ?	no
Unless the doctor danced , the senator believed the managers .	Did the doctor dance ?	no
If the judge admired the senators , the artists avoided the president .	Did the judge admire the senators ?	no
In case the professors danced , the scientist performed .	Did the professors dance ?	no
Unless the lawyers avoided the authors , the doctors helped the scientists .	Did the lawyers avoid the authors ?	no
In case the lawyers introduced the presidents , the athletes arrived .	Did the lawyers introduce the presidents ?	no
Unless the actors encouraged the senators , the artist thanked the judges .	Did the actors encourage the senators ?	no
Unless the tourists thanked the professor , the banker contacted the managers .	Did the tourists thank the professor ?	no
Whether or not the authors arrived , the artists mentioned the judges .	Did the authors arrive ?	no
In case the student performed , the author arrived .	Did the student perform ?	no
If the bankers performed , the tourist mentioned the lawyers .	Did the bankers perform ?	no
Whether or not the senator ran , the secretary helped the presidents .	Did the senator run ?	no
Whether or not the tourists advised the presidents , the students slept .	Did the tourists advise the presidents ?	no
In case the secretaries helped the judge , the senator avoided the actors .	Did the secretaries help the judge ?	no
Unless the professor introduced the artist , the senator resigned .	Did the professor introduce the artist ?	no
In case the professor admired the doctor , the authors avoided the judge .	Did the professor admire the doctor ?	no
Unless the senators encouraged the lawyer , the scientist slept .	Did the senators encourage the lawyer ?	no
Unless the scientist encouraged the lawyer , the secretaries waited .	Did the scientist encourage the lawyer ?	no
Unless the professors arrived , the artists mentioned the presidents .	Did the professors arrive ?	no
Unless the artists ran , the students danced .	Did the artists run ?	no
Unless the professor introduced the president , the actors arrived .	Did the professor introduce the president ?	no
Unless the secretary performed , the author recommended the scientists .	Did the secretary perform ?	no
Whether or not the tourists recognized the author , the presidents recommended the judges .	Did the tourists recognize the author ?	no
Unless the actors introduced the professors , the tourists thanked the bankers .	Did the actors introduce the professors ?	no
In case the artist resigned , the tourist slept .	Did the artist resign ?	no
In case the scientists advised the students , the judge encouraged the athlete .	Did the scientists advise the students ?	no
In case the bankers called the professor , the artists mentioned the manager .	Did the bankers call the professor ?	no
In case the secretaries resigned , the bankers arrived .	Did the secretaries resign ?	no
Whether or not the doctor danced , the tourists avoided the scientists .	Did the doctor dance ?	no
Unless the senator introduced the bankers , the secretaries encouraged the doctor .	Did the senator introduce the bankers ?	no
In case the scientist helped the author , the actors shouted .	Did the scientist help the author ?	no
Unless the manager advised the judge , the senators thanked the athlete .	Did the manager advise the judge ?	no
Whether or not the judge admired the doctor , the lawyer resigned .	Did the judge admire the doctor ?	no
Whether or not the managers admired the scientist , the tourist slept .	Did the managers admire the scientist ?	no
Unless the banker thanked the lawyers , the students encouraged the artist .	Did the banker thank the lawyers ?	no
Unless the authors helped the actors , the lawyer arrived .	Did the authors help the actors ?	no
If the doctors helped the artists , the lawyers admired the bankers .	Did the doctors help the artists ?	no
In case the student helped the bankers , the doctors recommended the managers .	Did the student help the bankers ?	no
In case the athlete called the lawyers , the judge recommended the doctors .	Did the athlete call the lawyers ?	no
Unless the artist avoided the doctor , the actor performed .	Did the artist avoid the doctor ?	no
In case the secretaries introduced the manager , the athlete believed the bankers .	Did the secretaries introduce the manager ?	no
Unless the athletes stopped the presidents , the artists performed .	Did the athletes stop the presidents ?	no
In case the professors shouted , the actor believed the lawyers .	Did the professors shout ?	no
Unless the doctor waited , the authors recognized the presidents .	Did the doctor wait ?	no
In case the doctor admired the author , the manager encouraged the athlete .	Did the doctor admire the author ?	no
In case the presidents saw the secretary , the tourist ran .	Did the presidents see the secretary ?	no
Unless the students performed , the judge thanked the senator .	Did the students perform ?	no
Unless the secretaries introduced the doctor , the authors shouted .	Did the secretaries introduce the doctor ?	no
Unless the actors ran , the professors recognized the senator .	Did the actors run ?	no
If the athletes arrived , the tourist believed the secretary .	Did the athletes arrive ?	no
In case the scientist recognized the artist , the tourist admired the managers .	Did the scientist recognize the artist ?	no
If the manager danced , the professors contacted the bankers .	Did the manager dance ?	no
In case the actors mentioned the scientist , the lawyer admired the professor .	Did the actors mention the scientist ?	no
Whether or not the athletes waited , the bankers performed .	Did the athletes wait ?	no
If the judge mentioned the actors , the authors contacted the senators .	Did the judge mention the actors ?	no
If the artists stopped the lawyers , the scientists ran .	Did the artists stop the lawyers ?	no
In case the senator introduced the artists , the actors recognized the tourists .	Did the senator introduce the artists ?	no
Unless the judges mentioned the author , the athletes arrived .	Did the judges mention the author ?	no
Unless the doctor supported the authors , the judge advised the lawyers .	Did the doctor support the authors ?	no
Unless the students shouted , the artists contacted the managers .	Did the students shout ?	no
In case the student believed the author , the tourists introduced the secretaries .	Did the student believe the author ?	no
Unless the secretary encouraged the athlete , the actor waited .	Did the secretary encourage the athlete ?	no
In case the senators ran , the judges helped the secretary .	Did the senators run ?	no
Unless the judges thanked the banker , the artists saw the students .	Did the judges thank the banker ?	no
Whether or not the lawyers waited , the tourist arrived .	Did the lawyers wait ?	no
Whether or not the bankers ran , the actor called the scientist .	Did the bankers run ?	no
In case the bankers called the athletes , the judges shouted .	Did the bankers call the athletes ?	no
Unless the athlete slept , the professor avoided the lawyers .	Did the athlete sleep ?	no
If the secretary called the actor , the scientist saw the tourists .	Did the secretary call the actor ?	no
If the professors avoided the lawyers , the student admired the managers .	Did the professors avoid the lawyers ?	no
Unless the senators admired the judges , the author waited .	Did the senators admire the judges ?	no
Whether or not the lawyer stopped the actor , the banker called the president .	Did the lawyer stop the actor ?	no
Unless the professors ran , the students avoided the authors .	Did the professors run ?	no
If the secretary shouted , the actors avoided the artist .	Did the secretary shout ?	no
Unless the bankers saw the doctors , the tourists arrived .	Did the bankers see the doctors ?	no
Whether or not the lawyers called the scientists , the athlete slept .	Did the lawyers call the scientists ?	no
Whether or not the president shouted , the secretary mentioned the manager .	Did the president shout ?	no
Unless the secretaries thanked the tourist , the actors performed .	Did the secretaries thank the tourist ?	no
If the managers helped the senators , the bankers performed .	Did the managers help the senators ?	no
Whether or not the tourists performed , the artists waited .	Did the tourists perform ?	no
In case the lawyer stopped the president , the senators avoided the scientist .	Did the lawyer stop the president ?	no
In case the presidents stopped the bankers , the secretaries slept .	Did the presidents stop the bankers ?	no
Unless the bankers stopped the athlete , the student thanked the professors .	Did the bankers stop the athlete ?	no
If the students recognized the secretaries , the artists slept .	Did the students recognize the secretaries ?	no
If the senators arrived , the athlete believed the student .	Did the senators arrive ?	no
Unless the doctor recognized the artists , the students mentioned the scientists .	Did the doctor recognize the artists ?	no
In case the managers believed the senators , the author encouraged the president .	Did the managers believe the senators ?	no
In case the doctor called the artists , the professor resigned .	Did the doctor call the artists ?	no
Whether or not the doctor admired the athlete , the author performed .	Did the doctor admire the athlete ?	no
Whether or not the lawyer shouted , the senators introduced the artists .	Did the lawyer shout ?	no
If the professor recognized the author , the actor ran .	Did the professor recognize the author ?	no
In case the judge believed the professors , the athletes introduced the lawyer .	Did the judge believe the professors ?	no
Whether or not the artist helped the president , the lawyer recognized the doctor .	Did the artist help the president ?	no
Unless the presidents waited , the professors admired the judge .	Did the presidents wait ?	no
In case the actors introduced the president , the athletes danced .	Did the actors introduce the president ?	no
Whether or not the students arrived , the scientists recommended the actors .	Did the students arrive ?	no
Unless the actors supported the scientist , the artists resigned .	Did the actors support the scientist ?	no
Whether or not the manager encouraged the lawyers , the presidents stopped the scientists .	Did the manager encourage the lawyers ?	no
If the banker resigned , the students admired the secretary .	Did the banker resign ?	no
Whether or not the artists contacted the managers , the tourist supported the judge .	Did the artists contact the managers ?	no
Unless the doctors mentioned the scientists , the author believed the tourist .	Did the doctors mention the scientists ?	no
Whether or not the doctors introduced the judge , the secretaries mentioned the president .	Did the doctors introduce the judge ?	no
In case the doctors recommended the presidents , the tourist arrived .	Did the doctors recommend the presidents ?	no
Unless the manager avoided the actors , the senators encouraged the students .	Did the manager avoid the actors ?	no
Whether or not the judge avoided the artist , the secretary advised the scientists .	Did the judge avoid the artist ?	no
Whether or not the tourist slept , the presidents saw the doctor .	Did the tourist sleep ?	no
In case the athlete arrived , the lawyers supported the scientist .	Did the athlete arrive ?	no
If the student thanked the artist , the banker recognized the authors .	Did the student thank the artist ?	no
Unless the students advised the lawyer , the authors arrived .	Did the students advise the lawyer ?	no
If the secretaries ran , the lawyers stopped the professor .	Did the secretaries run ?	no
If the athletes believed the scientists , the banker arrived .	Did the athletes believe the scientists ?	no
Whether or not the president mentioned the lawyer , the scientists slept .	Did the president mention the lawyer ?	no
In case the president advised the senators , the artist called the lawyer .	Did the president advise the senators ?	no
Whether or not the professor recommended the student , the judges saw the artists .	Did the professor recommend the student ?	no
In case the professors shouted , the scientist performed .	Did the professors shout ?	no
In case the banker called the authors , the secretary encouraged the professor .	Did the banker call the authors ?	no
If the senators helped the secretary , the actor thanked the scientist .	Did the senators help the secretary ?	no
Whether or not the lawyers recommended the managers , the doctor called the judges .	Did the lawyers recommend the managers ?	no
In case the tourist saw the senator , the actor resigned .	Did the tourist see the senator ?	no
In case the presidents admired the professor , the banker stopped the scientist .	Did the presidents admire the professor ?	no
If the artist thanked the professor , the judges recommended the athlete .	Did the artist thank the professor ?	no
Whether or not the senators shouted , the tourists supported the managers .	Did the senators shout ?	no
Unless the bankers stopped the tourist , the scientists supported the managers .	Did the bankers stop the tourist ?	no
If the author mentioned the artists , the senators slept .	Did the author mention the artists ?	no
Unless the senator mentioned the scientist , the manager slept .	Did the senator mention the scientist ?	no
Unless the bankers danced , the president admired the lawyers .	Did the bankers dance ?	no
Whether or not the secretary thanked the tourists , the students arrived .	Did the secretary thank the tourists ?	no
If the student performed , the doctor recognized the senator .	Did the student perform ?	no
If the scientist ran , the artist admired the lawyer .	Did the scientist run ?	no
Unless the artists helped the scientists , the judge resigned .	Did the artists help the scientists ?	no
If the professor admired the president , the secretaries thanked the author .	Did the professor admire the president ?	no
If the author recognized the senators , the artists advised the bankers .	Did the author recognize the senators ?	no
In case the secretary arrived , the professor mentioned the banker .	Did the secretary arrive ?	no
If the managers mentioned the judges , the president ran .	Did the managers mention the judges ?	no
In case the tourist mentioned the bankers , the authors admired the judges .	Did the tourist mention the bankers ?	no
If the president admired the scientist , the bankers ran .	Did the president admire the scientist ?	no
In case the judges resigned , the doctors avoided the scientists .	Did the judges resign ?	no
Whether or not the judges admired the artist , the tourists encouraged the senator .	Did the judges admire the artist ?	no
Whether or not the student believed the tourist , the judge called the artists .	Did the student believe the tourist ?	no
If the managers recommended the senator , the banker arrived .	Did the managers recommend the senator ?	no
If the senators performed , the lawyers mentioned the actors .	Did the senators perform ?	no
If the athletes ran , the banker slept .	Did the athletes run ?	no
If the professor helped the athlete , the scientist advised the actors .	Did the professor help the athlete ?	no
If the athlete waited , the author danced .	Did the athlete wait ?	no
Unless the doctors saw the scientist , the author thanked the students .	Did the doctors see the scientist ?	no
If the lawyer advised the doctor , the tourists thanked the bankers .	Did the lawyer advise the doctor ?	no
Unless the bankers mentioned the tourists , the actor admired the manager .	Did the bankers mention the tourists ?	no
If the presidents supported the manager , the professors introduced the scientist .	Did the presidents support the manager ?	no
Unless the student danced , the artists recognized the athletes .	Did the student dance ?	no
In case the tourists slept , the actors avoided the doctor .	Did the tourists sleep ?	no
Whether or not the lawyers encouraged the managers , the judges shouted .	Did the lawyers encourage the managers ?	no
Whether or not the scientist waited , the tourist shouted .	Did the scientist wait ?	no
Whether or not the professors encouraged the president , the lawyers arrived .	Did the professors encourage the president ?	no
Unless the manager contacted the professors , the artist supported the tourist .	Did the manager contact the professors ?	no
Whether or not the doctors avoided the professor , the tourist saw the senators .	Did the doctors avoid the professor ?	no
In case the tourists shouted , the professors recommended the judge .	Did the tourists shout ?	no
Unless the doctor ran , the tourists slept .	Did the doctor run ?	no
If the tourist resigned , the judge believed the athletes .	Did the tourist resign ?	no
Whether or not the secretaries performed , the authors danced .	Did the secretaries perform ?	no
If the athlete recommended the actors , the lawyers slept .	Did the athlete recommend the actors ?	no
Whether or not the senators thanked the tourists , the banker saw the scientist .	Did the senators thank the tourists ?	no
If the senators admired the students , the banker introduced the president .	Did the senators admire the students ?	no
In case the doctor advised the scientist , the managers called the professor .	Did the doctor advise the scientist ?	no
Unless the artists slept , the professor waited .	Did the artists sleep ?	no
In case the secretaries believed the professor , the athlete admired the judge .	Did the secretaries believe the professor ?	no
Unless the banker contacted the doctors , the senators called the professor .	Did the banker contact the doctors ?	no
In case the doctors admired the tourists , the managers saw the actors .	Did the doctors admire the tourists ?	no
If the artist thanked the athlete , the presidents introduced the banker .	Did the artist thank the athlete ?	no
If the secretary slept , the judge recommended the authors .	Did the secretary sleep ?	no
Whether or not the professors called the artist , the president recognized the secretary .	Did the professors call the artist ?	no
If the athletes contacted the doctors , the actor supported the students .	Did the athletes contact the doctors ?	no
Whether or not the tourist recommended the authors , the scientists advised the artists .	Did the tourist recommend the authors ?	no
If the athletes slept , the judges advised the managers .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
In case the lawyer recognized the manager , the presidents advised the athlete .	Did the lawyer recognize the manager ?	no
Unless the judge waited , the athlete advised the actor .	Did the judge wait ?	no
If the tourist supported the authors , the scientists advised the bankers .	Did the tourist support the authors ?	no
Unless the artist waited , the presidents admired the judge .	Did the artist wait ?	no
If the doctor avoided the tourist , the managers admired the student .	Did the doctor avoid the tourist ?	no
In case the scientist stopped the student , the lawyer arrived .	Did the scientist stop the student ?	no
In case the athletes ran , the authors believed the actors .	Did the athletes run ?	no
If the lawyers arrived , the doctor believed the tourists .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	no
Whether or not the presidents performed , the athlete ran .	Did the presidents perform ?	no
In case the tourist contacted the lawyers , the students waited .	Did the tourist contact the lawyers ?	no
In case the bankers admired the manager , the senators called the tourists .	Did the bankers admire the manager ?	no
Unless the authors recommended the senators , the scientists called the artist .	Did the authors recommend the senators ?	no
In case the professor arrived , the managers called the presidents .	Did the professor arrive ?	no
Whether or not the doctor performed , the scientists stopped the manager .	Did the doctor perform ?	no
Unless the secretary mentioned the scientist , the authors waited .	Did the secretary mention the scientist ?	no
In case the tourists advised the scientists , the secretary ran .	Did the tourists advise the scientists ?	no
If the senator arrived , the bankers ran .	Did the senator arrive ?	no
If the scientist called the professors , the doctor introduced the banker .	Did the scientist call the professors ?	no
In case the students stopped the doctor , the lawyer slept .	Did the students stop the doctor ?	no
In case the judges recognized the professors , the doctors introduced the tourist .	Did the judges recognize the professors ?	no
Whether or not the authors saw the actor , the lawyer danced .	Did the authors see the actor ?	no
Unless the presidents performed , the artist danced .	Did the presidents perform ?	no
Whether or not the presidents avoided the student , the judge recommended the athlete .	Did the presidents avoid the student ?	no
Unless the athletes danced , the judge thanked the artist .	Did the athletes dance ?	no
If the author avoided the president , the students arrived .	Did the author avoid the president ?	no
In case the students admired the secretaries , the banker ran .	Did the students admire the secretaries ?	no
Whether or not the authors recognized the senator , the artist recommended the actor .	Did the authors recognize the senator ?	no
If the manager resigned , the actor introduced the senator .	Did the manager resign ?	no
Whether or not the author ran , the actor encouraged the presidents .	Did the author run ?	no
Unless the banker contacted the author , the tourist stopped the lawyer .	Did the banker contact the author ?	no
In case the secretaries arrived , the managers saw the lawyer .	Did the secretaries arrive ?	no
Whether or not the actor stopped the secretaries , the judges recommended the managers .	Did the actor stop the secretaries ?	no
In case the actor mentioned the judges , the tourists advised the authors .	Did the actor mention the judges ?	no
In case the athletes waited , the lawyer believed the doctor .	Did the athletes wait ?	no
Unless the banker mentioned the students , the secretaries slept .	Did the banker mention the students ?	no
Whether or not the actor called the tourists , the senators advised the managers .	Did the actor call the tourists ?	no
In case the doctor mentioned the manager , the professor shouted .	Did the doctor mention the manager ?	no
If the judges performed , the artist saw the bankers .	Did the judges perform ?	no
In case the athletes saw the senators , the students avoided the author .	Did the athletes see the senators ?	no
In case the senators performed , the lawyers shouted .	Did the senators perform ?	no
If the presidents stopped the bankers , the author danced .	Did the presidents stop the bankers ?	no
In case the managers performed , the lawyers waited .	Did the managers perform ?	no
If the managers recognized the senator , the presidents saw the actors .	Did the managers recognize the senator ?	no
Unless the artists helped the professors , the president shouted .	Did the artists help the professors ?	no
Unless the scientist helped the tourists , the secretaries waited .	Did the scientist help the tourists ?	no
If the judges stopped the presidents , the artists waited .	Did the judges stop the presidents ?	no
Unless the lawyers danced , the judge supported the tourists .	Did the lawyers dance ?	no
If the author contacted the students , the bankers avoided the doctors .	Did the author contact the students ?	no
Unless the doctors performed , the actors saw the banker .	Did the doctors perform ?	no
If the scientist arrived , the doctor thanked the athletes .	Did the scientist arrive ?	no
Unless the athletes stopped the professors , the authors avoided the managers .	Did the athletes stop the professors ?	no
Whether or not the scientists stopped the tourists , the senator thanked the artists .	Did the scientists stop the tourists ?	no
If the doctor supported the student , the senator danced .	Did the doctor support the student ?	no
In case the manager performed , the senators resigned .	Did the manager perform ?	no
In case the senators admired the secretaries , the actors helped the manager .	Did the senators admire the secretaries ?	no
In case the president admired the manager , the doctor resigned .	Did the president admire the manager ?	no
Unless the president thanked the artist , the manager saw the scientists .	Did the president thank the artist ?	no
Whether or not the secretary called the managers , the scientists slept .	Did the secretary call the managers ?	no
In case the banker encouraged the actor , the secretaries advised the professor .	Did the banker encourage the actor ?	no
Unless the actors slept , the senators ran .	Did the actors sleep ?	no
In case the scientists slept , the students thanked the artists .	Did the scientists sleep ?	no
Unless the tourist slept , the secretary arrived .	Did the tourist sleep ?	no
Whether or not the judge recognized the presidents , the authors stopped the secretaries .	Did the judge recognize the presidents ?	no
Unless the student encouraged the manager , the actor thanked the secretaries .	Did the student encourage the manager ?	no
In case the president recommended the lawyer , the doctor resigned .	Did the president recommend the lawyer ?	no
Unless the tourists called the doctors , the secretaries advised the banker .	Did the tourists call the doctors ?	no
Unless the judge stopped the author , the senators introduced the tourist .	Did the judge stop the author ?	no
In case the secretaries helped the tourists , the managers called the professor .	Did the secretaries help the tourists ?	no
Whether or not the athletes performed , the secretaries arrived .	Did the athletes perform ?	no
Unless the authors contacted the presidents , the lawyer helped the banker .	Did the authors contact the presidents ?	no
If the secretary supported the author , the actor recognized the athlete .	Did the secretary support the author ?	no
Unless the bankers introduced the artist , the athletes encouraged the doctors .	Did the bankers introduce the artist ?	no
Whether or not the doctor arrived , the actors supported the managers .	Did the doctor arrive ?	no
Whether or not the actors advised the tourists , the senators slept .	Did the actors advise the tourists ?	no
If the artists performed , the actors admired the judge .	Did the artists perform ?	no
Whether or not the artist slept , the judges advised the secretaries .	Did the artist sleep ?	no
If the doctors introduced the lawyer , the authors encouraged the athlete .	Did the doctors introduce the lawyer ?	no
If the student avoided the judges , the professors resigned .	Did the student avoid the judges ?	no
If the tourist resigned , the bankers encouraged the lawyers .	Did the tourist resign ?	no
If the senator shouted , the presidents recognized the actors .	Did the senator shout ?	no
Whether or not the student avoided the professor , the manager supported the scientist .	Did the student avoid the professor ?	no
Whether or not the doctors introduced the bankers , the secretary encouraged the artist .	Did the doctors introduce the bankers ?	no
If the athlete slept , the tourists thanked the authors .	Did the athlete sleep ?	no
Whether or not the presidents supported the secretaries , the author avoided the artist .	Did the presidents support the secretaries ?	no
If the senator avoided the artist , the tourists encouraged the secretary .	Did the senator avoid the artist ?	no
In case the author encouraged the scientist , the students slept .	Did the author encourage the scientist ?	no
Whether or not the author contacted the doctor , the manager ran .	Did the author contact the doctor ?	no
In case the scientist waited , the author arrived .	Did the scientist wait ?	no
In case the artists helped the actors , the professor believed the president .	Did the artists help the actors ?	no
In case the president supported the student , the author performed .	Did the president support the student ?	no
In case the professor recognized the actors , the senator slept .	Did the professor recognize the actors ?	no
If the doctors mentioned the judge , the president thanked the student .	Did the doctors mention the judge ?	no
Unless the professor slept , the tourist saw the scientist .	Did the tourist see the scientist ?	no
If the managers advised the artist , the athlete slept .	Did the athlete sleep ?	no
Unless the bankers called the professor , the authors contacted the artists .	Did the authors contact the artists ?	no
Unless the actor supported the authors , the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	no
Unless the artist thanked the scientists , the judge danced .	Did the judge dance ?	no
Unless the scientists introduced the presidents , the athletes recommended the senator .	Did the athletes recommend the senator ?	no
Unless the tourists contacted the actor , the manager saw the lawyer .	Did the manager see the lawyer ?	no
Unless the actors resigned , the secretary supported the doctor .	Did the secretary support the doctor ?	no
Unless the scientist arrived , the professor stopped the banker .	Did the professor stop the banker ?	no
Unless the doctors mentioned the artist , the actor arrived .	Did the actor arrive ?	no
Unless the doctors danced , the authors saw the students .	Did the authors see the students ?	no
Unless the doctor mentioned the artists , the athletes encouraged the scientist .	Did the athletes encourage the scientist ?	no
Unless the president saw the lawyers , the professor danced .	Did the professor dance ?	no
Unless the lawyers waited , the bankers thanked the athletes .	Did the bankers thank the athletes ?	no
If the bankers helped the secretaries , the actor slept .	Did the actor sleep ?	no
Unless the managers arrived , the secretaries mentioned the judges .	Did the secretaries mention the judges ?	no
Unless the professor advised the actor , the manager stopped the scientists .	Did the manager stop the scientists ?	no
Unless the senators ran , the lawyer shouted .	Did the lawyer shout ?	no
Unless the authors slept , the president called the bankers .	Did the president call the bankers ?	no
If the managers waited , the lawyers performed .	Did the lawyers perform ?	no
Unless the student waited , the secretaries advised the artists .	Did the secretaries advise the artists ?	no
Unless the secretaries supported the athlete , the president ran .	Did the president run ?	no
Unless the scientists advised the lawyers , the students encouraged the manager .	Did the students encourage the manager ?	no
If the senator slept , the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	no
If the students believed the senators , the judges recommended the actor .	Did the judges recommend the actor ?	no
Unless the bankers performed , the actor stopped the president .	Did the actor stop the president ?	no
Unless the actor helped the authors , the senator performed .	Did the senator perform ?	no
Unless the presidents recommended the senators , the doctors recognized the actor .	Did the doctors recognize the actor ?	no
If the bankers called the senators , the student believed the scientist .	Did the student believe the scientist ?	no
Unless the students admired the presidents , the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	no
Unless the students helped the president , the actors recommended the athletes .	Did the actors recommend the athletes ?	no
If the judge called the artist , the athlete arrived .	Did the athlete arrive ?	no
Unless the students ran , the lawyer supported the tourist .	Did the lawyer support the tourist ?	no
If the professors admired the tourists , the senators performed .	Did the senators perform ?	no
If the tourist helped the scientists , the secretary contacted the authors .	Did the secretary contact the authors ?	no
Unless the lawyer believed the scientist , the doctor introduced the author .	Did the doctor introduce the author ?	no
If the student avoided the artist , the athlete danced .	Did the athlete dance ?	no
If the athlete thanked the author , the professor avoided the actors .	Did the professor avoid the actors ?	no
If the author thanked the tourists , the judge supported the senators .	Did the judge support the senators ?	no
Unless the artist advised the manager , the authors recognized the president .	Did the authors recognize the president ?	no
Unless the manager contacted the artists , the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	no
Unless the athlete performed , the scientist saw the bankers .	Did the scientist see the bankers ?	no
If the tourist stopped the senators , the doctor waited .	Did the doctor wait ?	no
Unless the actor performed , the athlete mentioned the judge .	Did the athlete mention the judge ?	no
If the author saw the actors , the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	no
Unless the actors danced , the scientist believed the secretaries .	Did the scientist believe the secretaries ?	no
Unless the athletes introduced the judge , the artists admired the professor .	Did the artists admire the professor ?	no
Unless the secretary encouraged the professor , the lawyers believed the bankers .	Did the lawyers believe the bankers ?	no
Unless the artist resigned , the doctor recommended the senator .	Did the doctor recommend the senator ?	no
If the lawyer contacted the senator , the presidents slept .	Did the presidents sleep ?	no
Unless the actor encouraged the scientists , the judge avoided the banker .	Did the judge avoid the banker ?	no
If the banker ran , the president called the actors .	Did the president call the actors ?	no
Unless the doctors waited , the manager saw the actor .	Did the manager see the actor ?	no
If the judge saw the authors , the senators recommended the manager .	Did the senators recommend the manager ?	no
Unless the actor resigned , the artist introduced the authors .	Did the artist introduce the authors ?	no
If the scientists believed the students , the doctor mentioned the judge .	Did the doctor mention the judge ?	no
If the athlete arrived , the students stopped the presidents .	Did the students stop the presidents ?	no
If the bankers thanked the manager , the professor supported the author .	Did the professor support the author ?	no
Unless the scientists arrived , the lawyer slept .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	no
Unless the professor supported the actor , the lawyers called the bankers .	Did the lawyers call the bankers ?	no
Unless the tourists slept , the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	no
If the scientist avoided the athlete , the judges admired the tourists .	Did the judges admire the tourists ?	no
If the students helped the tourist , the doctor saw the senator .	Did the doctor see the senator ?	no
Unless the lawyer slept , the managers encouraged the president .	Did the managers encourage the president ?	no
Unless the doctors stopped the bankers , the presidents helped the actors .	Did the presidents help the actors ?	no
If the student encouraged the banker , the actors saw the doctor .	Did the actors see the doctor ?	no
Unless the doctor danced , the athlete arrived .	Did the athlete arrive ?	no
Unless the athlete resigned , the secretary supported the presidents .	Did the secretary support the presidents ?	no
Unless the lawyers thanked the professors , the athletes saw the tourists .	Did the athletes see the tourists ?	no
Unless the students waited , the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	no
If the senator supported the athletes , the tourists called the lawyers .	Did the tourists call the lawyers ?	no
If the tourist thanked the students , the manager introduced the lawyer .	Did the manager introduce the lawyer ?	no
If the president danced , the lawyers admired the artists .	Did the lawyers admire the artists ?	no
If the doctors performed , the president resigned .	Did the president resign ?	no
If the lawyer recommended the president , the judge admired the tourists .	Did the judge admire the tourists ?	no
If the manager resigned , the athletes believed the authors .	Did the athletes believe the authors ?	no
If the secretaries performed , the professors recognized the artists .	Did the professors recognize the artists ?	no
If the scientists performed , the author recognized the judges .	Did the author recognize the judges ?	no
If the students believed the athletes , the author shouted .	Did the author shout ?	no
Unless the judges recognized the tourists , the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	no
Unless the doctors encouraged the managers , the senator waited .	Did the senator wait ?	no
Unless the doctor stopped the actor , the athletes mentioned the tourists .	Did the athletes mention the tourists ?	no
If the senators stopped the actors , the manager supported the athlete .	Did the manager support the athlete ?	no
If the authors believed the professor , the lawyers introduced the president .	Did the lawyers introduce the president ?	no
If the tourists shouted , the athletes contacted the actors .	Did the athletes contact the actors ?	no
If the banker waited , the doctor advised the tourist .	Did the doctor advise the tourist ?	no
If the managers performed , the professors advised the actors .	Did the professors advise the actors ?	no
Unless the secretaries called the lawyer , the doctors avoided the artist .	Did the doctors avoid the artist ?	no
Unless the athletes contacted the president , the judge believed the bankers .	Did the judge believe the bankers ?	no
Unless the professors stopped the banker , the senators performed .	Did the senators perform ?	no
Unless the student saw the athlete , the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	no
Unless the actors introduced the manager , the athletes advised the banker .	Did the athletes advise the banker ?	no
If the judge saw the president , the senator arrived .	Did the senator arrive ?	no
Unless the actors slept , the authors admired the tourists .	Did the authors admire the tourists ?	no
Unless the doctors mentioned the secretaries , the artist resigned .	Did the artist resign ?	no
Unless the professor arrived , the senator helped the managers .	Did the senator help the managers ?	no
If the senators recommended the tourists , the athlete admired the secretaries .	Did the athlete admire the secretaries ?	no
If the tourists thanked the managers , the senators slept .	Did the senators sleep ?	no
Unless the lawyers encouraged the senators , the artist mentioned the doctor .	Did the artist mention the doctor ?	no
If the professor slept , the actor introduced the author .	Did the actor introduce the author ?	no
If the tourists arrived , the doctors supported the manager .	Did the doctors support the manager ?	no
If the professor avoided the presidents , the scientists slept .	Did the scientists sleep ?	no
Unless the students thanked the lawyers , the judge believed the author .	Did the judge believe the author ?	no
If the doctor performed , the student saw the judges .	Did the student see the judges ?	no
If the secretaries arrived , the senators saw the professors .	Did the senators see the professors ?	no
Unless the judges slept , the president thanked the professor .	Did the president thank the professor ?	no
If the tourists believed the senator , the scientists recognized the author .	Did the scientists recognize the author ?	no
Unless the doctors waited , the scientists stopped the senators .	Did the scientists stop the senators ?	no
If the tourist contacted the doctors , the author recognized the professor .	Did the author recognize the professor ?	no
Unless the actors recommended the artist , the senators slept .	Did the senators sleep ?	no
If the judge slept , the student introduced the managers .	Did the student introduce the managers ?	no
Unless the students called the lawyer , the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	no
Unless the doctors mentioned the president , the artists believed the scientist .	Did the artists believe the scientist ?	no
If the presidents danced , the professor arrived .	Did the professor arrive ?	no
If the tourist resigned , the senators danced .	Did the senators dance ?	no
If the bankers avoided the actors , the senators believed the professors .	Did the senators believe the professors ?	no
Unless the author saw the banker , the president thanked the athletes .	Did the president thank the athletes ?	no
If the president ran , the athletes called the authors .	Did the athletes call the authors ?	no
Unless the judge recommended the doctor , the banker mentioned the author .	Did the banker mention the author ?	no
If the president danced , the lawyer supported the senator .	Did the lawyer support the senator ?	no
If the doctor ran , the president advised the artist .	Did the president advise the artist ?	no
If the artists shouted , the doctor saw the tourist .	Did the doctor see the tourist ?	no
If the authors resigned , the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	no
If the judges helped the president , the students contacted the banker .	Did the students contact the banker ?	no
Unless the doctors introduced the students , the actor saw the artist .	Did the actor see the artist ?	no
Unless the judge admired the athletes , the artist believed the senator .	Did the artist believe the senator ?	no
Unless the tourist avoided the artists , the judges recommended the scientist .	Did the judges recommend the scientist ?	no
Unless the student believed the professors , the athletes waited .	Did the athletes wait ?	no
Unless the doctor supported the artists , the author saw the secretaries .	Did the author see the secretaries ?	no
If the president advised the senator , the lawyers resigned .	Did the lawyers resign ?	no
Unless the judges performed , the senator shouted .	Did the senator shout ?	no
Unless the doctors introduced the senators , the tourist shouted .	Did the tourist shout ?	no
Unless the senators introduced the authors , the artist advised the student .	Did the artist advise the student ?	no
If the manager contacted the artist , the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	no
If the student ran , the professor believed the president .	Did the professor believe the president ?	no
Unless the doctor contacted the actor , the senator performed .	Did the senator perform ?	no
If the artists recommended the lawyer , the authors arrived .	Did the authors arrive ?	no
Unless the professors supported the doctors , the actors arrived .	Did the actors arrive ?	no
Unless the judges supported the senators , the manager danced .	Did the manager dance ?	no
Unless the presidents called the managers , the professors recognized the secretary .	Did the professors recognize the secretary ?	no
If the manager called the tourist , the athletes performed .	Did the athletes perform ?	no
If the senators introduced the author , the tourists avoided the professors .	Did the tourists avoid the professors ?	no
Unless the secretary saw the tourist , the manager encouraged the student .	Did the manager encourage the student ?	no
Unless the lawyer called the senator , the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	no
Unless the senator encouraged the scientists , the doctors waited .	Did the doctors wait ?	no
If the authors recognized the bankers , the athletes resigned .	Did the athletes resign ?	no
Unless the artists slept , the secretaries recognized the senator .	Did the secretaries recognize the senator ?	no
If the secretary saw the author , the professors slept .	Did the professors sleep ?	no
If the secretary arrived , the president thanked the students .	Did the president thank the students ?	no
If the scientists waited , the student admired the lawyer .	Did the student admire the lawyer ?	no
Unless the president performed , the judges admired the scientist .	Did the judges admire the scientist ?	no
If the secretary contacted the actor , the athletes danced .	Did the athletes dance ?	no
If the authors performed , the artists waited .	Did the artists wait ?	no
If the artist called the bankers , the judges recommended the students .	Did the judges recommend the students ?	no
Unless the lawyers resigned , the senator mentioned the artists .	Did the senator mention the artists ?	no
If the secretary danced , the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	no
Unless the athletes thanked the authors , the managers waited .	Did the managers wait ?	no
If the lawyer danced , the bankers recognized the tourist .	Did the bankers recognize the tourist ?	no
Unless the presidents recognized the athletes , the senators ran .	Did the senators run ?	no
Unless the professors believed the manager , the student admired the president .	Did the student admire the president ?	no
Unless the doctors supported the judge , the actors helped the scientists .	Did the actors help the scientists ?	no
Unless the authors thanked the professors , the senator encouraged the athletes .	Did the senator encourage the athletes ?	no
Unless the presidents advised the tourists , the senators performed .	Did the senators perform ?	no
Unless the doctors helped the professors , the banker contacted the actors .	Did the banker contact the actors ?	no
If the lawyers saw the doctor , the banker waited .	Did the banker wait ?	no
Unless the professor thanked the secretaries , the tourists ran .	Did the tourists run ?	no
If the manager recommended the doctor , the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	no
Unless the judges saw the managers , the student resigned .	Did the student resign ?	no
If the professor mentioned the banker , the presidents danced .	Did the presidents dance ?	no
Unless the scientist encouraged the tourists , the doctor waited .	Did the doctor wait ?	no
If the secretaries called the lawyer , the professors danced .	Did the professors dance ?	no
If the athlete performed , the doctors supported the managers .	Did the doctors support the managers ?	no
Unless the scientists mentioned the managers , the professor supported the bankers .	Did the professor support the bankers ?	no
Unless the secretaries danced , the author avoided the scientist .	Did the author avoid the scientist ?	no
If the artist slept , the tourists stopped the actors .	Did the tourists stop the actors ?	no
Unless the judge mentioned the student , the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	no
Unless the manager slept , the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	no
Unless the tourists ran , the secretaries mentioned the artists .	Did the secretaries mention the artists ?	no
If the athletes performed , the doctor avoided the artist .	Did the doctor avoid the artist ?	no
If the scientists recognized the presidents , the bankers performed .	Did the bankers perform ?	no
Unless the tourist helped the author , the bankers waited .	Did the bankers wait ?	no
If the athlete encouraged the senators , the actor ran .	Did the actor run ?	no
If the artists helped the bankers , the secretary slept .	Did the secretary sleep ?	no
If the president believed the professor , the secretary ran .	Did the secretary run ?	no
If the actors admired the senator , the lawyer mentioned the scientist .	Did the lawyer mention the scientist ?	no
Unless the presidents called the managers , the scientists contacted the lawyers .	Did the scientists contact the lawyers ?	no
Unless the banker resigned , the athletes avoided the lawyers .	Did the athletes avoid the lawyers ?	no
Unless the scientists arrived , the author admired the secretaries .	Did the author admire the secretaries ?	no
Unless the president helped the author , the doctor avoided the actor .	Did the doctor avoid the actor ?	no
Unless the senators mentioned the presidents , the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	no
If the banker advised the judge , the secretary arrived .	Did the secretary arrive ?	no
If the doctor performed , the artist slept .	Did the artist sleep ?	no
Unless the tourist resigned , the senator performed .	Did the senator perform ?	no
If the doctor encouraged the senators , the athlete introduced the tourist .	Did the athlete introduce the tourist ?	no
Unless the artists called the senators , the scientist resigned .	Did the scientist resign ?	no
Unless the bankers believed the judges , the tourists thanked the authors .	Did the tourists thank the authors ?	no
If the senators resigned , the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	no
If the artists arrived , the judge saw the doctor .	Did the judge see the doctor ?	no
Unless the managers danced , the judges called the professors .	Did the judges call the professors ?	no
Unless the judge danced , the student advised the actor .	Did the student advise the actor ?	no
If the managers avoided the actor , the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	no
Unless the scientists saw the senators , the student arrived .	Did the student arrive ?	no
If the scientist slept , the senator helped the professor .	Did the senator help the professor ?	no
If the presidents shouted , the banker introduced the professors .	Did the banker introduce the professors ?	no
Unless the lawyers arrived , the doctors saw the managers .	Did the doctors see the managers ?	no
Unless the doctor shouted , the professor mentioned the tourists .	Did the professor mention the tourists ?	no
Unless the athletes thanked the bankers , the scientists resigned .	Did the scientists resign ?	no
If the professor contacted the artists , the doctor called the judges .	Did the doctor call the judges ?	no
Unless the athlete called the professor , the senators helped the banker .	Did the senators help the banker ?	no
Unless the author saw the presidents , the bankers recognized the professor .	Did the bankers recognize the professor ?	no
If the senators supported the bankers , the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	no
Unless the senator called the actor , the secretary helped the judges .	Did the secretary help the judges ?	no
If the managers encouraged the actor , the doctor slept .	Did the doctor sleep ?	no
Unless the author recommended the judge , the scientist stopped the students .	Did the scientist stop the students ?	no
Unless the artists resigned , the lawyer contacted the athlete .	Did the lawyer contact the athlete ?	no
If the bankers mentioned the professors , the senator supported the actors .	Did the senator support the actors ?	no
If the judges saw the professor , the scientist encouraged the author .	Did the scientist encourage the author ?	no
If the tourists called the banker , the scientists recommended the author .	Did the scientists recommend the author ?	no
If the athlete recommended the presidents , the tourist shouted .	Did the tourist shout ?	no
Unless the president slept , the professors danced .	Did the professors dance ?	no
Unless the manager arrived , the scientists admired the professor .	Did the scientists admire the professor ?	no
If the lawyer stopped the scientists , the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	no
If the doctor danced , the authors supported the judge .	Did the authors support the judge ?	no
Unless the managers saw the authors , the scientists introduced the athletes .	Did the scientists introduce the athletes ?	no
If the athletes stopped the authors , the managers introduced the student .	Did the managers introduce the student ?	no
Unless the senator called the students , the president advised the actors .	Did the president advise the actors ?	no
Unless the lawyers danced , the actors waited .	Did the actors wait ?	no
If the athletes mentioned the judge , the authors helped the scientists .	Did the authors help the scientists ?	no
If the manager arrived , the judge advised the doctors .	Did the judge advise the doctors ?	no
If the tourist saw the lawyers , the actors advised the doctors .	Did the actors advise the doctors ?	no
Unless the president slept , the author called the judges .	Did the author call the judges ?	no
If the athlete shouted , the banker introduced the authors .	Did the banker introduce the authors ?	no
If the students thanked the secretary , the doctor ran .	Did the doctor run ?	no
If the tourists recommended the secretaries , the judges helped the scientists .	Did the judges help the scientists ?	no
If the actor arrived , the secretaries danced .	Did the secretaries dance ?	no
If the doctors believed the author , the bankers ran .	Did the bankers run ?	no
Unless the professor resigned , the student believed the judge .	Did the student believe the judge ?	no
Unless the scientist waited , the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	no
Unless the doctor shouted , the student recommended the artist .	Did the student recommend the artist ?	no
Unless the presidents helped the authors , the tourists waited .	Did the tourists wait ?	no
If the artist introduced the professors , the doctor supported the managers .	Did the doctor support the managers ?	no
Unless the scientists saw the author , the managers ran .	Did the managers run ?	no
Unless the students performed , the athletes danced .	Did the athletes dance ?	no
Unless the professors contacted the athletes , the scientists avoided the students .	Did the scientists avoid the students ?	no
Unless the professors arrived , the athletes waited .	Did the athletes wait ?	no
Unless the secretaries arrived , the scientist supported the actors .	Did the scientist support the actors ?	no
Unless the artists contacted the banker , the authors recommended the secretaries .	Did the authors recommend the secretaries ?	no
Unless the tourists danced , the senators recognized the author .	Did the senators recognize the author ?	no
If the authors slept , the student advised the actors .	Did the student advise the actors ?	no
Unless the senators contacted the doctors , the actor encouraged the manager .	Did the actor encourage the manager ?	no
If the judge called the bankers , the author admired the athlete .	Did the author admire the athlete ?	no
If the judges resigned , the athletes admired the author .	Did the athletes admire the author ?	no
Unless the presidents introduced the lawyer , the authors ran .	Did the authors run ?	no
If the artists saw the professor , the tourists admired the senators .	Did the tourists admire the senators ?	no
If the scientist believed the bankers , the manager admired the professor .	Did the manager admire the professor ?	no
Unless the judge avoided the lawyer , the artists recognized the scientist .	Did the artists recognize the scientist ?	no
If the professor helped the tourists , the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	no
Unless the author mentioned the manager , the judges performed .	Did the judges perform ?	no
Unless the senator slept , the secretaries avoided the doctors .	Did the secretaries avoid the doctors ?	no
Unless the actor mentioned the tourists , the banker helped the scientist .	Did the banker help the scientist ?	no
Unless the judge thanked the artist , the managers mentioned the actor .	Did the managers mention the actor ?	no
If the athlete called the president , the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	no
If the banker avoided the scientists , the president ran .	Did the president run ?	no
Unless the professor supported the scientists , the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	no
Unless the scientists advised the judges , the managers helped the actors .	Did the managers help the actors ?	no
If the judge advised the artists , the tourists stopped the secretary .	Did the tourists stop the secretary ?	no
Unless the scientists waited , the judge contacted the actors .	Did the judge contact the actors ?	no
Unless the doctors arrived , the judges stopped the student .	Did the judges stop the student ?	no
Unless the doctors waited , the manager recognized the artists .	Did the manager recognize the artists ?	no
If the students performed , the actor recognized the bankers .	Did the actor recognize the bankers ?	no
If the artist helped the doctors , the banker believed the authors .	Did the banker believe the authors ?	no
If the athlete arrived , the professor ran .	Did the professor run ?	no
If the judges advised the presidents , the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	no
Unless the tourist encouraged the judge , the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	no
Unless the lawyer slept , the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	no
If the judge avoided the tourist , the president danced .	Did the president dance ?	no
If the actors ran , the secretary thanked the doctors .	Did the secretary thank the doctors ?	no
If the senator thanked the students , the secretaries stopped the presidents .	Did the secretaries stop the presidents ?	no
If the author ran , the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	no
Unless the managers danced , the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
Unless the lawyers avoided the tourist , the secretary admired the presidents .	Did the secretary admire the presidents ?	no
Unless the judge admired the doctors , the tourist introduced the artists .	Did the tourist introduce the artists ?	no
If the secretary shouted , the professors advised the judge .	Did the professors advise the judge ?	no
If the doctor arrived , the manager introduced the banker .	Did the manager introduce the banker ?	no
If the bankers admired the artist , the managers arrived .	Did the managers arrive ?	no
If the artists arrived , the students admired the managers .	Did the students admire the managers ?	no
Unless the judges shouted , the lawyer called the artists .	Did the lawyer call the artists ?	no
If the secretary arrived , the artists encouraged the athletes .	Did the artists encourage the athletes ?	no
Unless the authors supported the doctor , the student introduced the president .	Did the student introduce the president ?	no
If the athletes ran , the lawyer advised the judge .	Did the lawyer advise the judge ?	no
If the author resigned , the secretary contacted the student .	Did the secretary contact the student ?	no
If the senator supported the actor , the presidents called the professor .	Did the presidents call the professor ?	no
Unless the actors stopped the professors , the lawyer slept .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	no
If the scientist resigned , the tourist ran .	Did the tourist run ?	no
Unless the bankers ran , the tourists thanked the scientist .	Did the tourists thank the scientist ?	no
Unless the artist advised the scientists , the manager arrived .	Did the manager arrive ?	no
Unless the lawyer resigned , the professors recognized the artists .	Did the professors recognize the artists ?	no
Unless the lawyers resigned , the artists mentioned the author .	Did the artists mention the author ?	no
Unless the president saw the professor , the student waited .	Did the student wait ?	no
Unless the managers slept , the actors called the doctors .	Did the actors call the doctors ?	no
Unless the scientist avoided the lawyers , the bankers mentioned the actors .	Did the bankers mention the actors ?	no
If the lawyers ran , the president resigned .	Did the president resign ?	no
Unless the scientist contacted the professor , the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	no
Unless the authors slept , the judges saw the secretary .	Did the judges see the secretary ?	no
Unless the athletes supported the students , the artist contacted the judges .	Did the artist contact the judges ?	no
If the scientists danced , the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	no
If the scientist mentioned the tourist , the artists performed .	Did the artists perform ?	no
Unless the doctors shouted , the judge advised the senator .	Did the judge advise the senator ?	no
If the doctor called the judge , the professors waited .	Did the professors wait ?	no
If the secretaries danced , the lawyers performed .	Did the lawyers perform ?	no
If the doctors performed , the artists admired the student .	Did the artists admire the student ?	no
Unless the actor waited , the athletes mentioned the doctors .	Did the athletes mention the doctors ?	no
If the professor thanked the lawyer , the scientists believed the manager .	Did the scientists believe the manager ?	no
Unless the student introduced the tourist , the athletes admired the doctors .	Did the athletes admire the doctors ?	no
If the manager recognized the professor , the president shouted .	Did the president shout ?	no
If the lawyers contacted the banker , the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	no
If the presidents recognized the lawyers , the students advised the tourist .	Did the students advise the tourist ?	no
Unless the presidents shouted , the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	no
If the professor believed the artist , the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	no
If the president contacted the bankers , the judges saw the authors .	Did the judges see the authors ?	no
If the artists introduced the manager , the students admired the tourists .	Did the students admire the tourists ?	no
If the lawyer introduced the artist , the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	no
Unless the authors recommended the managers , the president admired the artist .	Did the president admire the artist ?	no
If the actors ran , the professor introduced the lawyer .	Did the professor introduce the lawyer ?	no
Unless the bankers recognized the judge , the tourist avoided the students .	Did the tourist avoid the students ?	no
Unless the banker thanked the artists , the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	no
Unless the doctor performed , the banker contacted the scientist .	Did the banker contact the scientist ?	no
Unless the senators thanked the scientist , the student recommended the authors .	Did the student recommend the authors ?	no
If the actor danced , the scientist admired the secretaries .	Did the scientist admire the secretaries ?	no
Unless the judges contacted the lawyers , the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	no
Unless the athletes admired the doctors , the judge avoided the artists .	Did the judge avoid the artists ?	no
Unless the secretaries helped the doctor , the lawyer contacted the manager .	Did the lawyer contact the manager ?	no
Unless the banker contacted the artists , the authors thanked the scientist .	Did the authors thank the scientist ?	no
Unless the lawyers recognized the student , the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	no
If the secretaries waited , the doctor thanked the athlete .	Did the doctor thank the athlete ?	no
If the artists resigned , the athlete introduced the professors .	Did the athlete introduce the professors ?	no
If the president encouraged the student , the tourist contacted the senators .	Did the tourist contact the senators ?	no
Unless the tourist saw the banker , the students helped the presidents .	Did the students help the presidents ?	no
If the bankers recognized the senators , the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	no
Unless the scientists shouted , the presidents supported the athletes .	Did the presidents support the athletes ?	no
Unless the actor slept , the tourist introduced the president .	Did the tourist introduce the president ?	no
If the athlete believed the judges , the senator helped the tourist .	Did the senator help the tourist ?	no
Unless the scientists called the author , the bankers supported the judges .	Did the bankers support the judges ?	no
Unless the doctor arrived , the presidents believed the manager .	Did the presidents believe the manager ?	no
If the bankers admired the professor , the manager shouted .	Did the manager shout ?	no
If the scientist performed , the senators helped the author .	Did the senators help the author ?	no
Unless the senator introduced the athletes , the students thanked the artists .	Did the students thank the artists ?	no
If the professors contacted the judges , the tourist helped the students .	Did the tourist help the students ?	no
If the professors recommended the judges , the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	no
If the artists stopped the judge , the president performed .	Did the president perform ?	no
If the artist introduced the actors , the banker performed .	Did the banker perform ?	no
Unless the student performed , the manager recommended the professor .	Did the manager recommend the professor ?	no
If the senator ran , the judges recognized the authors .	Did the judges recognize the authors ?	no
If the professors believed the actor , the bankers admired the secretary .	Did the bankers admire the secretary ?	no
Unless the athlete called the actors , the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	no
If the scientists waited , the artist recognized the manager .	Did the artist recognize the manager ?	no
If the banker ran , the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
If the bankers called the scientists , the artists mentioned the tourist .	Did the artists mention the tourist ?	no
If the judge believed the doctor , the professors thanked the lawyers .	Did the professors thank the lawyers ?	no
Unless the actors thanked the presidents , the scientist avoided the artists .	Did the scientist avoid the artists ?	no
Unless the student shouted , the artists called the scientist .	Did the artists call the scientist ?	no
If the professor waited , the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	no
If the judge waited , the scientist supported the banker .	Did the scientist support the banker ?	no
If the actor danced , the professor encouraged the senator .	Did the professor encourage the senator ?	no
If the athletes stopped the bankers , the author performed .	Did the author perform ?	no
If the secretaries recognized the tourist , the manager danced .	Did the manager dance ?	no
Unless the students thanked the doctors , the judges admired the senator .	Did the judges admire the senator ?	no
Unless the secretary admired the presidents , the manager helped the senator .	Did the manager help the senator ?	no
If the actor introduced the author , the athlete recognized the secretaries .	Did the athlete recognize the secretaries ?	no
Unless the managers ran , the judge contacted the athletes .	Did the judge contact the athletes ?	no
If the secretary recognized the president , the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	no
Unless the artist thanked the tourists , the doctor contacted the judges .	Did the doctor contact the judges ?	no
Unless the scientists mentioned the authors , the tourists advised the athletes .	Did the tourists advise the athletes ?	no
Unless the senator resigned , the students shouted .	Did the students shout ?	no
If the lawyer performed , the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	no
If the senator supported the athletes , the actors recognized the president .	Did the actors recognize the president ?	no
If the scientist resigned , the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	no
If the doctor recommended the judge , the athletes danced .	Did the athletes dance ?	no
If the secretary waited , the scientists introduced the tourists .	Did the scientists introduce the tourists ?	no
Unless the secretaries slept , the lawyers helped the doctor .	Did the lawyers help the doctor ?	no
If the senator contacted the bankers , the authors thanked the lawyers .	Did the authors thank the lawyers ?	no
Unless the judges believed the secretaries , the senator supported the artist .	Did the senator support the artist ?	no
Unless the actor believed the manager , the authors introduced the tourist .	Did the authors introduce the tourist ?	no
Unless the secretaries helped the senators , the doctor saw the tourist .	Did the doctor see the tourist ?	no
If the secretary stopped the president , the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	no
Unless the senators slept , the professors contacted the actors .	Did the professors contact the actors ?	no
Unless the senator waited , the professor supported the athletes .	Did the professor support the athletes ?	no
If the presidents thanked the judge , the managers resigned .	Did the managers resign ?	no
If the lawyers recommended the athlete , the authors contacted the professor .	Did the authors contact the professor ?	no
If the doctor called the judges , the actor waited .	Did the actor wait ?	no
Unless the professors waited , the secretary saw the artists .	Did the secretary see the artists ?	no
If the author called the secretary , the professor thanked the judge .	Did the professor thank the judge ?	no
If the artist stopped the secretary , the lawyers contacted the presidents .	Did the lawyers contact the presidents ?	no
If the manager stopped the judge , the tourists resigned .	Did the tourists resign ?	no
Unless the president waited , the lawyer advised the managers .	Did the lawyer advise the managers ?	no
If the presidents avoided the students , the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	no
Unless the tourist ran , the actor saw the student .	Did the actor see the student ?	no
Unless the athletes recommended the doctor , the president supported the professors .	Did the president support the professors ?	no
If the authors encouraged the senator , the manager believed the secretary .	Did the manager believe the secretary ?	no
Unless the athlete introduced the doctor , the senators recognized the banker .	Did the senators recognize the banker ?	no
Unless the students danced , the lawyers recommended the managers .	Did the lawyers recommend the managers ?	no
If the judges arrived , the professors avoided the senators .	Did the professors avoid the senators ?	no
Unless the scientists slept , the tourists supported the actor .	Did the tourists support the actor ?	no
Unless the artist helped the athletes , the senator shouted .	Did the senator shout ?	no
If the managers resigned , the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	no
If the senators recognized the actor , the doctors waited .	Did the doctors wait ?	no
Unless the actors encouraged the student , the bankers advised the presidents .	Did the bankers advise the presidents ?	no
If the lawyer avoided the president , the athlete ran .	Did the athlete run ?	no
Unless the author contacted the bankers , the tourist advised the athletes .	Did the tourist advise the athletes ?	no
Unless the senators thanked the bankers , the lawyer stopped the athletes .	Did the lawyer stop the athletes ?	no
Unless the athlete stopped the authors , the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	no
Unless the professors encouraged the author , the presidents resigned .	Did the presidents resign ?	no
If the students helped the professors , the artists called the actor .	Did the artists call the actor ?	no
If the judges danced , the lawyer believed the manager .	Did the lawyer believe the manager ?	no
If the authors supported the professor , the judge stopped the students .	Did the judge stop the students ?	no
Unless the senator arrived , the president admired the tourists .	Did the president admire the tourists ?	no
If the banker thanked the senators , the secretary ran .	Did the secretary run ?	no
If the managers waited , the doctor saw the senator .	Did the doctor see the senator ?	no
Unless the secretary thanked the bankers , the scientist recommended the tourist .	Did the scientist recommend the tourist ?	no
Unless the actors slept , the authors believed the senator .	Did the authors believe the senator ?	no
Unless the lawyers slept , the actors mentioned the artist .	Did the actors mention the artist ?	no
If the author ran , the doctor thanked the tourists .	Did the doctor thank the tourists ?	no
Unless the judges resigned , the athlete avoided the scientist .	Did the athlete avoid the scientist ?	no
If the students saw the professor , the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	no
If the scientists danced , the president saw the tourist .	Did the president see the tourist ?	no
If the actors contacted the doctor , the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	no
Unless the president helped the athlete , the judges ran .	Did the judges run ?	no
Unless the banker believed the artists , the president advised the doctors .	Did the president advise the doctors ?	no
If the athlete waited , the professor contacted the author .	Did the professor contact the author ?	no
Unless the judges performed , the bankers supported the lawyers .	Did the bankers support the lawyers ?	no
Unless the students ran , the tourists resigned .	Did the tourists resign ?	no
If the senators called the judge , the presidents encouraged the students .	Did the presidents encourage the students ?	no
If the banker ran , the scientist performed .	Did the scientist perform ?	no
If the banker danced , the scientists recognized the actors .	Did the scientists recognize the actors ?	no
Unless the professor performed , the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	no
Unless the athlete stopped the secretaries , the lawyers recognized the presidents .	Did the lawyers recognize the presidents ?	no
If the lawyer mentioned the managers , the athlete introduced the judge .	Did the athlete introduce the judge ?	no
Unless the athlete encouraged the artists , the presidents stopped the lawyers .	Did the presidents stop the lawyers ?	no
If the senators contacted the scientists , the lawyers slept .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	no
If the artist slept , the president waited .	Did the president wait ?	no
Unless the actor mentioned the judge , the author arrived .	Did the author arrive ?	no
If the secretary recommended the artists , the president saw the student .	Did the president see the student ?	no
If the athlete arrived , the banker saw the judges .	Did the banker see the judges ?	no
If the artists thanked the senator , the managers arrived .	Did the managers arrive ?	no
If the students arrived , the bankers called the athletes .	Did the bankers call the athletes ?	no
If the professor recommended the bankers , the actors stopped the presidents .	Did the actors stop the presidents ?	no
Unless the president stopped the athlete , the scientists contacted the artist .	Did the scientists contact the artist ?	no
Unless the student stopped the managers , the presidents encouraged the doctor .	Did the presidents encourage the doctor ?	no
Unless the lawyer admired the athlete , the actor resigned .	Did the actor resign ?	no
If the senator encouraged the students , the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	no
Unless the professors recognized the president , the lawyer danced .	Did the lawyer dance ?	no
If the tourists arrived , the doctors slept .	Did the doctors sleep ?	no
Unless the doctor shouted , the scientists contacted the athletes .	Did the scientists contact the athletes ?	no
If the tourist recommended the student , the lawyers slept .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	no
If the professor avoided the actor , the artists called the lawyers .	Did the artists call the lawyers ?	no
If the judge stopped the tourists , the senators supported the artists .	Did the senators support the artists ?	no
If the athlete saw the manager , the scientist arrived .	Did the scientist arrive ?	no
Unless the tourist slept , the president recognized the lawyers .	Did the president recognize the lawyers ?	no
If the scientists contacted the tourist , the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	no
If the actors performed , the professor waited .	Did the professor wait ?	no
If the secretaries called the artists , the scientist admired the president .	Did the scientist admire the president ?	no
If the lawyer slept , the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	no
Unless the artist danced , the managers helped the president .	Did the managers help the president ?	no
If the actor stopped the student , the artists contacted the tourists .	Did the artists contact the tourists ?	no
Unless the senators recognized the doctors , the artists admired the students .	Did the artists admire the students ?	no
Unless the judge danced , the lawyer introduced the athletes .	Did the lawyer introduce the athletes ?	no
Unless the secretaries avoided the bankers , the athlete arrived .	Did the athlete arrive ?	no
Unless the secretaries waited , the actors contacted the managers .	Did the actors contact the managers ?	no
Unless the tourists saw the manager , the president avoided the senator .	Did the president avoid the senator ?	no
Unless the authors supported the tourist , the judge admired the actors .	Did the judge admire the actors ?	no
Unless the student recommended the secretaries , the artists avoided the managers .	Did the artists avoid the managers ?	no
Unless the actors saw the doctors , the author contacted the secretaries .	Did the author contact the secretaries ?	no
If the doctors danced , the bankers waited .	Did the bankers wait ?	no
If the manager shouted , the doctor encouraged the banker .	Did the doctor encourage the banker ?	no
Unless the student believed the artist , the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	no
If the senators introduced the banker , the judge stopped the actor .	Did the judge stop the actor ?	no
If the banker recognized the actor , the secretary contacted the senator .	Did the secretary contact the senator ?	no
If the senator contacted the president , the banker called the tourist .	Did the banker call the tourist ?	no
Unless the athlete contacted the artists , the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	no
If the professors performed , the authors believed the doctors .	Did the authors believe the doctors ?	no
Unless the authors mentioned the actors , the judge believed the lawyer .	Did the judge believe the lawyer ?	no
Unless the bankers danced , the managers introduced the actor .	Did the managers introduce the actor ?	no
If the tourist recommended the actors , the senators saw the authors .	Did the senators see the authors ?	no
If the senator admired the artists , the lawyers slept .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	no
Unless the athlete recognized the authors , the doctor called the professor .	Did the doctor call the professor ?	no
If the lawyer called the manager , the senators introduced the professor .	Did the senators introduce the professor ?	no
If the actors contacted the authors , the athletes recommended the students .	Did the athletes recommend the students ?	no
Unless the doctor shouted , the students contacted the author .	Did the students contact the author ?	no
If the student called the judges , the professor recognized the manager .	Did the professor recognize the manager ?	no
If the secretaries encouraged the presidents , the manager helped the athletes .	Did the manager help the athletes ?	no
Unless the judge introduced the student , the actor contacted the senator .	Did the actor contact the senator ?	no
Unless the senator performed , the judges admired the manager .	Did the judges admire the manager ?	no
If the secretaries helped the senators , the artists recognized the manager .	Did the artists recognize the manager ?	no
Unless the student contacted the author , the lawyer slept .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	no
If the authors shouted , the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	no
If the scientists danced , the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	no
Unless the students mentioned the banker , the artist arrived .	Did the artist arrive ?	no
If the scientist saw the lawyer , the bankers avoided the managers .	Did the bankers avoid the managers ?	no
If the scientists danced , the student supported the athletes .	Did the student support the athletes ?	no
Unless the judges helped the senators , the banker performed .	Did the banker perform ?	no
If the secretaries saw the banker , the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	no
Unless the tourist mentioned the artist , the scientist helped the actors .	Did the scientist help the actors ?	no
Unless the scientists thanked the athlete , the secretary called the senator .	Did the secretary call the senator ?	no
Unless the professors mentioned the tourists , the lawyer advised the managers .	Did the lawyer advise the managers ?	no
Unless the manager contacted the author , the scientist encouraged the secretaries .	Did the scientist encourage the secretaries ?	no
If the actor recognized the senators , the authors arrived .	Did the authors arrive ?	no
Unless the athletes helped the students , the senators thanked the lawyers .	Did the senators thank the lawyers ?	no
Unless the athlete shouted , the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	no
Unless the athletes saw the actors , the professors thanked the senators .	Did the professors thank the senators ?	no
Unless the presidents thanked the professor , the athletes stopped the doctors .	Did the athletes stop the doctors ?	no
If the athletes advised the judges , the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	no
Unless the managers saw the presidents , the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	no
If the lawyers introduced the athletes , the students saw the managers .	Did the students see the managers ?	no
Unless the president danced , the doctor introduced the artists .	Did the doctor introduce the artists ?	no
Unless the doctor advised the secretaries , the actor saw the tourists .	Did the actor see the tourists ?	no
If the tourists danced , the presidents resigned .	Did the presidents resign ?	no
Unless the secretaries supported the students , the senators avoided the scientist .	Did the senators avoid the scientist ?	no
If the artists helped the actors , the secretaries waited .	Did the secretaries wait ?	no
Unless the students supported the senators , the president stopped the secretary .	Did the president stop the secretary ?	no
Unless the manager thanked the actor , the scientist helped the senator .	Did the scientist help the senator ?	no
Unless the doctor helped the author , the senators ran .	Did the senators run ?	no
If the student called the professors , the tourist ran .	Did the tourist run ?	no
If the lawyer mentioned the actors , the president encouraged the judges .	Did the president encourage the judges ?	no
If the managers mentioned the student , the artist called the authors .	Did the artist call the authors ?	no
Unless the tourists ran , the students arrived .	Did the students arrive ?	no
Unless the professors shouted , the banker helped the actor .	Did the banker help the actor ?	no
Unless the tourist thanked the bankers , the student admired the senator .	Did the student admire the senator ?	no
Unless the author performed , the president advised the professors .	Did the president advise the professors ?	no
Unless the actor thanked the authors , the judge helped the professor .	Did the judge help the professor ?	no
Unless the lawyers contacted the judges , the scientist arrived .	Did the scientist arrive ?	no
Unless the students supported the athletes , the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	no
If the professors ran , the athlete resigned .	Did the athlete resign ?	no
If the senators recommended the actors , the presidents shouted .	Did the presidents shout ?	no
Unless the doctors performed , the actors waited .	Did the actors wait ?	no
Unless the athlete saw the authors , the presidents called the secretary .	Did the presidents call the secretary ?	no
If the scientists helped the artist , the actor called the author .	Did the actor call the author ?	no
Unless the doctor saw the artist , the judges performed .	Did the judges perform ?	no
If the judges recognized the athlete , the professor supported the scientist .	Did the professor support the scientist ?	no
If the doctors encouraged the artist , the president helped the professors .	Did the president help the professors ?	no
Unless the secretaries stopped the student , the lawyers called the actor .	Did the lawyers call the actor ?	no
If the lawyers stopped the actor , the athlete helped the manager .	Did the athlete help the manager ?	no
If the manager supported the actors , the judges saw the scientists .	Did the judges see the scientists ?	no
Unless the senators introduced the professors , the actors encouraged the artist .	Did the actors encourage the artist ?	no
Unless the president danced , the artist recommended the manager .	Did the artist recommend the manager ?	no
If the lawyer danced , the manager called the actors .	Did the manager call the actors ?	no
Unless the senators supported the lawyers , the artist shouted .	Did the artist shout ?	no
If the actor shouted , the judges avoided the senator .	Did the judges avoid the senator ?	no
Unless the actor ran , the doctors avoided the lawyers .	Did the doctors avoid the lawyers ?	no
If the doctors waited , the presidents avoided the artists .	Did the presidents avoid the artists ?	no
If the presidents danced , the managers saw the banker .	Did the managers see the banker ?	no
If the athletes supported the bankers , the author advised the doctor .	Did the author advise the doctor ?	no
If the lawyers called the senator , the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	no
If the senator helped the president , the lawyers slept .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	no
Unless the president advised the actors , the tourist recommended the lawyer .	Did the tourist recommend the lawyer ?	no
Unless the actor ran , the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	no
If the manager recommended the actors , the authors mentioned the athletes .	Did the authors mention the athletes ?	no
If the lawyer mentioned the artist , the actors admired the tourist .	Did the actors admire the tourist ?	no
Unless the actor encouraged the senators , the author performed .	Did the author perform ?	no
Unless the professor ran , the secretaries slept .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	no
Unless the senators ran , the doctors contacted the athlete .	Did the doctors contact the athlete ?	no
If the secretaries contacted the author , the managers encouraged the student .	Did the managers encourage the student ?	no
Unless the professor contacted the manager , the doctor encouraged the artist .	Did the doctor encourage the artist ?	no
Unless the tourists admired the professor , the secretaries introduced the actors .	Did the secretaries introduce the actors ?	no
If the doctors called the actors , the president recommended the professor .	Did the president recommend the professor ?	no
If the lawyers arrived , the professor resigned .	Did the professor resign ?	no
If the managers recommended the bankers , the actor avoided the presidents .	Did the actor avoid the presidents ?	no
Unless the actors waited , the lawyers called the secretaries .	Did the lawyers call the secretaries ?	no
Unless the athlete danced , the artist resigned .	Did the artist resign ?	no
Unless the lawyers waited , the senator contacted the professor .	Did the senator contact the professor ?	no
If the managers danced , the athletes called the professor .	Did the athletes call the professor ?	no
If the students believed the professor , the authors supported the manager .	Did the authors support the manager ?	no
If the artists helped the lawyers , the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	no
Unless the bankers called the students , the secretaries performed .	Did the secretaries perform ?	no
Unless the artists stopped the lawyer , the scientists believed the senators .	Did the scientists believe the senators ?	no
Unless the scientist resigned , the presidents avoided the judge .	Did the presidents avoid the judge ?	no
Unless the secretary recommended the tourist , the presidents encouraged the artists .	Did the presidents encourage the artists ?	no
Unless the authors encouraged the president , the judge called the student .	Did the judge call the student ?	no
Unless the president mentioned the author , the students avoided the bankers .	Did the students avoid the bankers ?	no
Unless the actor recognized the lawyer , the bankers shouted .	Did the bankers shout ?	no
If the artists saw the athlete , the senator contacted the manager .	Did the senator contact the manager ?	no
If the manager thanked the tourists , the presidents ran .	Did the presidents run ?	no
If the judges encouraged the artist , the presidents admired the lawyers .	Did the presidents admire the lawyers ?	no
If the lawyers called the scientist , the secretary mentioned the judges .	Did the secretary mention the judges ?	no
Unless the doctor encouraged the judges , the tourist saw the senators .	Did the tourist see the senators ?	no
Unless the athlete performed , the students encouraged the actor .	Did the students encourage the actor ?	no
Unless the senator waited , the actors slept .	Did the actors sleep ?	no
Unless the doctor recommended the authors , the artists slept .	Did the artists sleep ?	no
If the scientist ran , the president performed .	Did the president perform ?	no
Unless the scientists recommended the athletes , the actor slept .	Did the actor sleep ?	no
Unless the student admired the authors , the lawyers resigned .	Did the lawyers resign ?	no
If the doctor believed the senators , the judge encouraged the secretary .	Did the judge encourage the secretary ?	no
Unless the doctor called the students , the judges performed .	Did the judges perform ?	no
Unless the bankers ran , the president thanked the authors .	Did the president thank the authors ?	no
Unless the senator avoided the scientists , the professors waited .	Did the professors wait ?	no
If the scientists slept , the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	no
Unless the student resigned , the judges admired the scientists .	Did the judges admire the scientists ?	no
If the managers resigned , the artists shouted .	Did the artists shout ?	no
If the senator introduced the lawyers , the judges thanked the banker .	Did the judges thank the banker ?	no
Unless the artist saw the president , the professor admired the tourist .	Did the professor admire the tourist ?	no
Unless the scientists advised the student , the president waited .	Did the president wait ?	no
If the artists helped the senator , the doctors slept .	Did the doctors sleep ?	no
If the manager performed , the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	no
Unless the senator supported the tourists , the students shouted .	Did the students shout ?	no
If the judges introduced the secretaries , the scientists recognized the artists .	Did the scientists recognize the artists ?	no
If the student called the scientists , the actors helped the secretary .	Did the actors help the secretary ?	no
Unless the student contacted the authors , the doctors arrived .	Did the doctors arrive ?	no
If the tourist recommended the authors , the actors slept .	Did the actors sleep ?	no
If the professor mentioned the president , the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	no
If the doctor arrived , the secretary thanked the senator .	Did the secretary thank the senator ?	no
If the actors ran , the tourist thanked the manager .	Did the tourist thank the manager ?	no
Unless the actors recognized the tourists , the doctors introduced the professor .	Did the doctors introduce the professor ?	no
Unless the senators advised the professor , the artist saw the students .	Did the artist see the students ?	no
If the lawyer arrived , the artists helped the author .	Did the artists help the author ?	no
If the students encouraged the doctors , the tourist admired the authors .	Did the tourist admire the authors ?	no
If the secretaries advised the tourist , the professors mentioned the senator .	Did the professors mention the senator ?	no
If the scientists supported the secretary , the bankers advised the athletes .	Did the bankers advise the athletes ?	no
If the secretary helped the tourists , the student contacted the lawyers .	Did the student contact the lawyers ?	no
Unless the author recognized the judge , the senator recommended the athlete .	Did the senator recommend the athlete ?	no
If the artist ran , the lawyer believed the banker .	Did the lawyer believe the banker ?	no
If the artists arrived , the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	no
If the athletes resigned , the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	no
Unless the authors danced , the senator encouraged the scientist .	Did the senator encourage the scientist ?	no
Unless the senators waited , the scientist advised the tourists .	Did the scientist advise the tourists ?	no
Unless the athletes arrived , the lawyers supported the tourists .	Did the lawyers support the tourists ?	no
If the presidents called the lawyer , the actor waited .	Did the actor wait ?	no
Unless the scientists introduced the judge , the professor saw the secretary .	Did the professor see the secretary ?	no
If the athletes saw the banker , the authors called the doctors .	Did the authors call the doctors ?	no
Unless the athlete helped the authors , the student resigned .	Did the student resign ?	no
Unless the bankers called the professors , the senators encouraged the lawyer .	Did the senators encourage the lawyer ?	no
If the banker believed the students , the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	no
If the professor slept , the president waited .	Did the president wait ?	no
If the doctor contacted the secretary , the students slept .	Did the students sleep ?	no
Unless the manager danced , the secretary mentioned the lawyers .	Did the secretary mention the lawyers ?	no
If the lawyer slept , the doctors danced .	Did the doctors dance ?	no
If the senator mentioned the artist , the tourist thanked the professor .	Did the tourist thank the professor ?	no
If the authors arrived , the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	no
If the lawyer called the doctor , the judge advised the scientist .	Did the judge advise the scientist ?	no
Unless the actors ran , the authors believed the secretary .	Did the authors believe the secretary ?	no
Unless the lawyer called the students , the judges arrived .	Did the judges arrive ?	no
Unless the artist slept , the actors saw the professors .	Did the actors see the professors ?	no
If the tourist shouted , the lawyers contacted the doctors .	Did the lawyers contact the doctors ?	no
If the secretaries introduced the managers , the doctors danced .	Did the doctors dance ?	no
If the scientists ran , the judge believed the senators .	Did the judge believe the senators ?	no
Unless the bankers introduced the secretary , the tourist called the artist .	Did the tourist call the artist ?	no
Unless the student helped the artist , the professors supported the athlete .	Did the professors support the athlete ?	no
Unless the student called the artists , the professors saw the author .	Did the professors see the author ?	no
If the artists slept , the actor ran .	Did the actor run ?	no
If the scientist avoided the professors , the student resigned .	Did the student resign ?	no
Unless the presidents believed the professors , the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	no
If the scientists mentioned the lawyers , the president performed .	Did the president perform ?	no
Unless the professor recognized the managers , the student helped the tourist .	Did the student help the tourist ?	no
If the doctors recognized the bankers , the athlete resigned .	Did the athlete resign ?	no
Unless the senator arrived , the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	no
Unless the judge shouted , the scientists arrived .	Did the scientists arrive ?	no
Unless the doctors arrived , the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	no
Unless the judge shouted , the authors resigned .	Did the authors resign ?	no
Unless the students introduced the secretary , the doctors ran .	Did the doctors run ?	no
Unless the tourist believed the students , the authors supported the actors .	Did the authors support the actors ?	no
Unless the tourist recommended the scientists , the actors avoided the artists .	Did the actors avoid the artists ?	no
Unless the doctors resigned , the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	no
Unless the students waited , the bankers encouraged the managers .	Did the bankers encourage the managers ?	no
Unless the tourist introduced the judge , the authors encouraged the presidents .	Did the authors encourage the presidents ?	no
If the judges recommended the lawyer , the senator advised the professors .	Did the senator advise the professors ?	no
Unless the president waited , the lawyers recognized the judge .	Did the lawyers recognize the judge ?	no
Unless the artists stopped the lawyers , the professors danced .	Did the professors dance ?	no
If the professor saw the artists , the banker avoided the athlete .	Did the banker avoid the athlete ?	no
If the banker thanked the president , the scientist stopped the manager .	Did the scientist stop the manager ?	no
If the secretary saw the actors , the student admired the banker .	Did the student admire the banker ?	no
Unless the presidents stopped the doctors , the author shouted .	Did the author shout ?	no
If the student waited , the tourists performed .	Did the tourists perform ?	no
Unless the banker ran , the author arrived .	Did the author arrive ?	no
If the managers supported the presidents , the secretary stopped the doctors .	Did the secretary stop the doctors ?	no
Unless the senators called the tourist , the professors waited .	Did the professors wait ?	no
Unless the senators helped the actor , the secretary arrived .	Did the secretary arrive ?	no
Unless the actor called the student , the scientists mentioned the bankers .	Did the scientists mention the bankers ?	no
If the students avoided the banker , the secretaries called the senators .	Did the secretaries call the senators ?	no
If the doctor arrived , the bankers shouted .	Did the bankers shout ?	no
Unless the managers ran , the scientists waited .	Did the scientists wait ?	no
Unless the scientist recommended the tourist , the authors arrived .	Did the authors arrive ?	no
Unless the judges resigned , the bankers admired the athletes .	Did the bankers admire the athletes ?	no
If the students thanked the actor , the judges ran .	Did the judges run ?	no
Unless the athlete believed the scientists , the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	no
Unless the senators helped the bankers , the scientist recognized the actor .	Did the scientist recognize the actor ?	no
Unless the actors supported the scientists , the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	no
Unless the presidents danced , the doctor encouraged the bankers .	Did the doctor encourage the bankers ?	no
Unless the secretaries thanked the professor , the president called the bankers .	Did the president call the bankers ?	no
Unless the actor arrived , the authors recommended the secretaries .	Did the authors recommend the secretaries ?	no
Unless the judge slept , the scientist ran .	Did the scientist run ?	no
If the students slept , the managers stopped the athlete .	Did the managers stop the athlete ?	no
If the senators supported the actor , the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	no
Unless the scientist danced , the actors encouraged the senators .	Did the actors encourage the senators ?	no
If the artist introduced the scientist , the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	no
If the authors helped the actor , the student recommended the senator .	Did the student recommend the senator ?	no
Unless the managers saw the scientist , the banker thanked the professor .	Did the banker thank the professor ?	no
If the lawyers shouted , the professor helped the scientists .	Did the professor help the scientists ?	no
Unless the banker encouraged the secretaries , the students supported the professor .	Did the students support the professor ?	no
Unless the secretaries avoided the professor , the bankers admired the managers .	Did the bankers admire the managers ?	no
If the senators arrived , the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	no
If the senator resigned , the authors arrived .	Did the authors arrive ?	no
Unless the senator advised the scientist , the professors shouted .	Did the professors shout ?	no
If the secretary recommended the doctor , the scientists saw the senators .	Did the scientists see the senators ?	no
Unless the authors ran , the scientist saw the manager .	Did the scientist see the manager ?	no
If the professors introduced the artist , the doctors waited .	Did the doctors wait ?	no
Unless the professor waited , the managers helped the banker .	Did the managers help the banker ?	no
Unless the tourists recommended the actor , the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	no
Unless the student recognized the athlete , the president called the senators .	Did the president call the senators ?	no
Unless the judge saw the bankers , the manager believed the president .	Did the manager believe the president ?	no
Unless the athletes waited , the bankers mentioned the senators .	Did the bankers mention the senators ?	no
If the manager ran , the students admired the lawyers .	Did the students admire the lawyers ?	no
If the scientists stopped the manager , the artists admired the doctors .	Did the artists admire the doctors ?	no
Unless the scientist slept , the presidents recognized the managers .	Did the presidents recognize the managers ?	no
Unless the secretary ran , the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	no
If the authors mentioned the athletes , the artist arrived .	Did the artist arrive ?	no
If the doctor danced , the managers encouraged the secretary .	Did the managers encourage the secretary ?	no
If the scientists thanked the lawyers , the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	no
If the author saw the artist , the secretary recognized the president .	Did the secretary recognize the president ?	no
If the president believed the lawyers , the scientists saw the athletes .	Did the scientists see the athletes ?	no
If the author waited , the judge admired the senators .	Did the judge admire the senators ?	no
If the doctors believed the manager , the author mentioned the scientist .	Did the author mention the scientist ?	no
If the actors advised the secretary , the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	no
Unless the professor resigned , the actors recognized the student .	Did the actors recognize the student ?	no
If the doctors shouted , the author mentioned the president .	Did the author mention the president ?	no
Unless the managers advised the senators , the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	no
If the senators resigned , the athlete mentioned the judge .	Did the athlete mention the judge ?	no
Unless the students mentioned the senators , the doctors performed .	Did the doctors perform ?	no
Unless the scientists helped the artist , the manager recommended the doctor .	Did the manager recommend the doctor ?	no
Unless the author resigned , the student encouraged the tourist .	Did the student encourage the tourist ?	no
If the senators advised the scientist , the professors encouraged the tourists .	Did the professors encourage the tourists ?	no
If the actors waited , the artist stopped the athlete .	Did the artist stop the athlete ?	no
Unless the professors mentioned the secretary , the lawyers thanked the tourist .	Did the lawyers thank the tourist ?	no
If the actors resigned , the bankers avoided the artist .	Did the bankers avoid the artist ?	no
If the secretary recommended the artist , the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	no
If the senators contacted the secretary , the actor mentioned the student .	Did the actor mention the student ?	no
Unless the secretaries arrived , the doctors saw the authors .	Did the doctors see the authors ?	no
Unless the manager encouraged the tourists , the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
If the artists arrived , the judge thanked the student .	Did the judge thank the student ?	no
Unless the scientists resigned , the senators admired the athletes .	Did the senators admire the athletes ?	no
If the secretary helped the senator , the tourists recommended the artist .	Did the tourists recommend the artist ?	no
If the judges recommended the lawyer , the president encouraged the doctors .	Did the president encourage the doctors ?	no
If the presidents advised the judges , the tourists introduced the author .	Did the tourists introduce the author ?	no
If the senator called the athlete , the banker admired the presidents .	Did the banker admire the presidents ?	no
If the athletes danced , the artists believed the tourist .	Did the artists believe the tourist ?	no
Unless the professors thanked the actor , the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	no
Unless the athletes thanked the senator , the professors arrived .	Did the professors arrive ?	no
Unless the banker arrived , the judge helped the authors .	Did the judge help the authors ?	no
If the professors admired the senators , the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	no
If the judges advised the athlete , the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	no
If the doctor contacted the banker , the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
If the tourist introduced the presidents , the senators danced .	Did the senators dance ?	no
If the bankers danced , the scientists thanked the athletes .	Did the scientists thank the athletes ?	no
Unless the presidents mentioned the managers , the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	no
If the judges encouraged the lawyer , the tourists shouted .	Did the tourists shout ?	no
If the doctor recognized the professors , the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	no
If the professors stopped the actor , the secretary arrived .	Did the secretary arrive ?	no
Unless the tourist saw the professor , the bankers arrived .	Did the bankers arrive ?	no
Unless the managers performed , the authors mentioned the tourist .	Did the authors mention the tourist ?	no
If the lawyers introduced the managers , the scientists shouted .	Did the scientists shout ?	no
If the tourists recommended the actor , the professors slept .	Did the professors sleep ?	no
If the judge shouted , the professors arrived .	Did the professors arrive ?	no
If the managers ran , the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	no
Unless the professor avoided the artists , the doctors helped the lawyers .	Did the doctors help the lawyers ?	no
Unless the banker waited , the professor arrived .	Did the professor arrive ?	no
Unless the athletes supported the senator , the professor ran .	Did the professor run ?	no
If the students believed the lawyer , the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	no
If the scientist performed , the president saw the bankers .	Did the president see the bankers ?	no
Unless the presidents mentioned the author , the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
Unless the doctor arrived , the senator admired the professors .	Did the senator admire the professors ?	no
Unless the lawyer called the banker , the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	no
If the judges ran , the tourists thanked the athletes .	Did the tourists thank the athletes ?	no
If the senator encouraged the professors , the lawyers ran .	Did the lawyers run ?	no
If the senators mentioned the secretary , the presidents believed the artist .	Did the presidents believe the artist ?	no
Unless the actor encouraged the secretaries , the managers saw the author .	Did the managers see the author ?	no
If the scientist arrived , the actors advised the athlete .	Did the actors advise the athlete ?	no
Unless the scientists contacted the senator , the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	no
Unless the doctor shouted , the presidents danced .	Did the presidents dance ?	no
If the artist believed the tourists , the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	no
If the student resigned , the managers waited .	Did the managers wait ?	no
If the author shouted , the president called the doctors .	Did the president call the doctors ?	no
Unless the actor stopped the artist , the athlete recommended the author .	Did the athlete recommend the author ?	no
If the senators introduced the tourist , the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	no
Unless the secretary believed the judge , the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	no
If the doctors mentioned the actors , the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	no
If the actor recommended the athletes , the tourists performed .	Did the tourists perform ?	no
If the president ran , the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	no
If the scientist helped the tourist , the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	no
Unless the judge recommended the athlete , the doctors called the tourist .	Did the doctors call the tourist ?	no
If the lawyer thanked the actor , the athletes recognized the senator .	Did the athletes recognize the senator ?	no
If the scientist saw the students , the managers recommended the judges .	Did the managers recommend the judges ?	no
Unless the secretary resigned , the tourists recommended the athletes .	Did the tourists recommend the athletes ?	no
If the managers resigned , the senators performed .	Did the senators perform ?	no
If the tourist ran , the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	no
Unless the managers encouraged the secretary , the scientists helped the artist .	Did the scientists help the artist ?	no
Unless the banker danced , the students encouraged the actors .	Did the students encourage the actors ?	no
If the presidents advised the athlete , the bankers contacted the judge .	Did the bankers contact the judge ?	no
If the tourists encouraged the scientists , the bankers thanked the author .	Did the bankers thank the author ?	no
Unless the secretary advised the student , the tourist contacted the judges .	Did the tourist contact the judges ?	no
Unless the manager waited , the lawyers recommended the tourists .	Did the lawyers recommend the tourists ?	no
If the banker resigned , the professor helped the senator .	Did the professor help the senator ?	no
If the student stopped the authors , the managers supported the secretary .	Did the managers support the secretary ?	no
If the professors performed , the secretary contacted the scientists .	Did the secretary contact the scientists ?	no
Unless the managers recommended the athletes , the doctor waited .	Did the doctor wait ?	no
If the lawyer encouraged the judges , the doctor stopped the tourist .	Did the doctor stop the tourist ?	no
Unless the bankers advised the artists , the tourist arrived .	Did the tourist arrive ?	no
Unless the actor helped the presidents , the artists believed the judges .	Did the artists believe the judges ?	no
Unless the student mentioned the authors , the actor avoided the professor .	Did the actor avoid the professor ?	no
Unless the senators encouraged the tourist , the secretary performed .	Did the secretary perform ?	no
Unless the tourist helped the doctors , the president supported the scientists .	Did the president support the scientists ?	no
Unless the professor saw the artist , the actor introduced the doctor .	Did the actor introduce the doctor ?	no
Unless the managers danced , the senators believed the secretaries .	Did the senators believe the secretaries ?	no
Unless the lawyer admired the presidents , the senator contacted the athletes .	Did the senator contact the athletes ?	no
Unless the athlete helped the senator , the judges encouraged the authors .	Did the judges encourage the authors ?	no
If the judges arrived , the students introduced the athletes .	Did the students introduce the athletes ?	no
If the actors thanked the tourist , the author danced .	Did the author dance ?	no
Unless the artists avoided the managers , the presidents resigned .	Did the presidents resign ?	no
If the actors shouted , the tourist ran .	Did the tourist run ?	no
Unless the artists shouted , the secretary recommended the actors .	Did the secretary recommend the actors ?	no
If the artist ran , the scientist thanked the actors .	Did the scientist thank the actors ?	no
Unless the professor stopped the scientists , the senators danced .	Did the senators dance ?	no
Unless the tourist resigned , the actor encouraged the athletes .	Did the actor encourage the athletes ?	no
Unless the judges advised the students , the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	no
Unless the actor stopped the professor , the authors encouraged the senators .	Did the authors encourage the senators ?	no
Unless the secretary advised the scientists , the judges ran .	Did the judges run ?	no
If the students thanked the tourists , the actor encouraged the manager .	Did the actor encourage the manager ?	no
If the students arrived , the manager encouraged the doctor .	Did the manager encourage the doctor ?	no
Unless the banker encouraged the tourist , the author thanked the secretary .	Did the author thank the secretary ?	no
Unless the student admired the senator , the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	no
Unless the banker recommended the lawyers , the actors advised the artists .	Did the actors advise the artists ?	no
If the scientist slept , the tourist danced .	Did the tourist dance ?	no
Unless the professor slept , the tourist danced .	Did the tourist dance ?	no
Unless the actor advised the scientists , the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	no
If the banker stopped the senators , the professors saw the secretaries .	Did the professors see the secretaries ?	no
If the judge encouraged the scientist , the doctors admired the presidents .	Did the doctors admire the presidents ?	no
If the artists recommended the president , the senators helped the secretaries .	Did the senators help the secretaries ?	no
Unless the secretary called the student , the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	no
If the judge slept , the doctors admired the professors .	Did the doctors admire the professors ?	no
Unless the students believed the judge , the managers resigned .	Did the managers resign ?	no
Unless the secretaries mentioned the author , the president shouted .	Did the president shout ?	no
Unless the tourist ran , the scientist advised the lawyer .	Did the scientist advise the lawyer ?	no
If the senators mentioned the secretary , the judges helped the bankers .	Did the judges help the bankers ?	no
Unless the artists thanked the scientists , the professors arrived .	Did the professors arrive ?	no
Unless the president saw the student , the scientist resigned .	Did the scientist resign ?	no
If the lawyers contacted the actor , the authors waited .	Did the authors wait ?	no
Unless the tourist encouraged the authors , the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	no
If the bankers danced , the lawyers advised the artist .	Did the lawyers advise the artist ?	no
If the athletes ran , the scientists supported the secretary .	Did the scientists support the secretary ?	no
If the scientist helped the tourists , the manager performed .	Did the manager perform ?	no
If the tourist stopped the actor , the bankers advised the presidents .	Did the bankers advise the presidents ?	no
Unless the tourists supported the lawyers , the scientist introduced the athletes .	Did the scientist introduce the athletes ?	no
Unless the scientist saw the tourists , the students admired the athlete .	Did the students admire the athlete ?	no
If the lawyers helped the student , the secretary performed .	Did the secretary perform ?	no
If the athlete called the actors , the manager contacted the presidents .	Did the manager contact the presidents ?	no
Unless the lawyer ran , the tourist slept .	Did the tourist sleep ?	no
If the secretaries stopped the manager , the doctors avoided the scientists .	Did the doctors avoid the scientists ?	no
If the manager encouraged the author , the athlete thanked the president .	Did the athlete thank the president ?	no
If the bankers supported the scientist , the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	no
If the manager danced , the senator supported the author .	Did the senator support the author ?	no
Unless the student believed the secretaries , the presidents recognized the senators .	Did the presidents recognize the senators ?	no
Unless the athlete thanked the artist , the manager introduced the professors .	Did the manager introduce the professors ?	no
Unless the artist admired the professors , the doctor supported the scientists .	Did the doctor support the scientists ?	no
Unless the scientists recommended the tourists , the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	no
If the judge arrived , the secretaries slept .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	no
If the authors encouraged the senator , the actors supported the professors .	Did the actors support the professors ?	no
Unless the secretary resigned , the banker mentioned the professor .	Did the banker mention the professor ?	no
Unless the professors performed , the president shouted .	Did the president shout ?	no
Unless the tourist waited , the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	no
Unless the president recognized the student , the banker slept .	Did the banker sleep ?	no
Unless the tourist stopped the author , the professor helped the student .	Did the professor help the student ?	no
If the actors avoided the author , the scientist mentioned the lawyers .	Did the scientist mention the lawyers ?	no
If the actor encouraged the tourists , the lawyers stopped the authors .	Did the lawyers stop the authors ?	no
Unless the presidents supported the professor , the authors slept .	Did the authors sleep ?	no
If the secretaries slept , the bankers supported the doctors .	Did the bankers support the doctors ?	no
If the professors helped the tourist , the author contacted the senator .	Did the author contact the senator ?	no
Unless the scientist waited , the professor ran .	Did the professor run ?	no
Unless the doctor recognized the artists , the tourist admired the president .	Did the tourist admire the president ?	no
If the senator shouted , the judge called the presidents .	Did the judge call the presidents ?	no
If the president arrived , the tourists ran .	Did the tourists run ?	no
If the manager stopped the athletes , the doctors admired the banker .	Did the doctors admire the banker ?	no
Unless the doctor encouraged the scientists , the managers danced .	Did the managers dance ?	no
Unless the doctor performed , the banker ran .	Did the banker run ?	no
Unless the artist believed the students , the bankers recognized the secretary .	Did the bankers recognize the secretary ?	no
Unless the banker advised the students , the secretaries danced .	Did the secretaries dance ?	no
Unless the doctor danced , the scientist performed .	Did the scientist perform ?	no
If the scientists danced , the bankers saw the lawyer .	Did the bankers see the lawyer ?	no
If the artist arrived , the professors avoided the president .	Did the professors avoid the president ?	no
Unless the tourists ran , the lawyers resigned .	Did the lawyers resign ?	no
If the actor supported the artists , the president recommended the lawyer .	Did the president recommend the lawyer ?	no
Unless the presidents stopped the students , the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	no
Unless the secretaries avoided the artists , the tourists performed .	Did the tourists perform ?	no
Unless the doctors avoided the lawyer , the scientist slept .	Did the scientist sleep ?	no
If the tourists advised the managers , the scientist avoided the senator .	Did the scientist avoid the senator ?	no
If the judge thanked the athletes , the artist recognized the secretary .	Did the artist recognize the secretary ?	no
Unless the scientists resigned , the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	no
Unless the manager thanked the senators , the secretaries danced .	Did the secretaries dance ?	no
If the athlete recognized the senators , the manager encouraged the artist .	Did the manager encourage the artist ?	no
Unless the doctors avoided the actors , the senators encouraged the athlete .	Did the senators encourage the athlete ?	no
If the senators introduced the students , the athlete resigned .	Did the athlete resign ?	no
Unless the students waited , the banker encouraged the managers .	Did the banker encourage the managers ?	no
If the presidents recommended the judges , the authors thanked the banker .	Did the authors thank the banker ?	no
If the students shouted , the presidents contacted the lawyers .	Did the presidents contact the lawyers ?	no
If the actors encouraged the artists , the senator believed the lawyer .	Did the senator believe the lawyer ?	no
Unless the presidents recommended the tourists , the actors believed the artist .	Did the actors believe the artist ?	no
If the athlete believed the presidents , the actor called the artist .	Did the actor call the artist ?	no
If the tourists contacted the secretaries , the doctor advised the president .	Did the doctor advise the president ?	no
Unless the students admired the scientist , the banker slept .	Did the banker sleep ?	no
Unless the scientists helped the tourist , the doctors waited .	Did the doctors wait ?	no
If the lawyer supported the senators , the secretary called the doctors .	Did the secretary call the doctors ?	no
Unless the judge admired the actors , the bankers advised the secretaries .	Did the bankers advise the secretaries ?	no
Unless the banker performed , the lawyer helped the scientists .	Did the lawyer help the scientists ?	no
If the secretaries contacted the author , the scientist slept .	Did the scientist sleep ?	no
Unless the author arrived , the student contacted the tourist .	Did the student contact the tourist ?	no
If the actors shouted , the senator admired the students .	Did the senator admire the students ?	no
If the managers believed the lawyers , the students arrived .	Did the students arrive ?	no
If the judges mentioned the manager , the bankers shouted .	Did the bankers shout ?	no
If the senators ran , the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	no
Unless the banker shouted , the athletes contacted the manager .	Did the athletes contact the manager ?	no
Unless the bankers mentioned the professors , the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	no
If the judges mentioned the tourists , the senators ran .	Did the senators run ?	no
Unless the artists advised the senators , the athlete shouted .	Did the athlete shout ?	no
Unless the presidents called the student , the lawyers performed .	Did the lawyers perform ?	no
If the presidents helped the athletes , the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	no
If the athletes arrived , the banker ran .	Did the banker run ?	no
If the student resigned , the scientists encouraged the bankers .	Did the scientists encourage the bankers ?	no
Unless the students recognized the actor , the doctors recommended the bankers .	Did the doctors recommend the bankers ?	no
Unless the professors waited , the doctors introduced the author .	Did the doctors introduce the author ?	no
If the professors believed the lawyer , the athlete danced .	Did the athlete dance ?	no
If the bankers waited , the tourist contacted the secretary .	Did the tourist contact the secretary ?	no
Unless the banker recommended the lawyers , the judges believed the students .	Did the judges believe the students ?	no
If the actor performed , the artist mentioned the judge .	Did the artist mention the judge ?	no
Unless the judges slept , the author admired the senator .	Did the author admire the senator ?	no
If the authors encouraged the bankers , the doctors recognized the managers .	Did the doctors recognize the managers ?	no
If the president performed , the senator stopped the doctors .	Did the senator stop the doctors ?	no
If the students saw the scientist , the judge believed the professors .	Did the judge believe the professors ?	no
If the tourists called the professor , the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	no
If the senator danced , the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	no
If the professor contacted the athletes , the banker performed .	Did the banker perform ?	no
Unless the managers saw the judge , the scientist introduced the author .	Did the scientist introduce the author ?	no
Unless the judge encouraged the lawyers , the tourists recommended the actors .	Did the tourists recommend the actors ?	no
Unless the secretary supported the lawyers , the doctors danced .	Did the doctors dance ?	no
If the students believed the managers , the secretary ran .	Did the secretary run ?	no
If the doctor waited , the actors stopped the judge .	Did the actors stop the judge ?	no
If the judges advised the author , the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	no
Unless the tourists avoided the senator , the secretary introduced the doctor .	Did the secretary introduce the doctor ?	no
If the author arrived , the judges ran .	Did the judges run ?	no
If the scientists performed , the students ran .	Did the students run ?	no
Unless the lawyer resigned , the tourists waited .	Did the tourists wait ?	no
Unless the bankers introduced the secretaries , the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	no
Unless the presidents arrived , the athlete introduced the judge .	Did the athlete introduce the judge ?	no
Unless the tourist saw the scientist , the students arrived .	Did the students arrive ?	no
If the scientist arrived , the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	no
Unless the professors recognized the lawyers , the scientists arrived .	Did the scientists arrive ?	no
If the presidents called the senators , the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	no
If the secretaries recognized the student , the presidents admired the professors .	Did the presidents admire the professors ?	no
Unless the president contacted the actor , the banker ran .	Did the banker run ?	no
Unless the banker saw the president , the authors waited .	Did the authors wait ?	no
Unless the judge recognized the managers , the presidents danced .	Did the presidents dance ?	no
Unless the scientist waited , the judge believed the banker .	Did the judge believe the banker ?	no
Unless the judges encouraged the managers , the professor arrived .	Did the professor arrive ?	no
If the tourist shouted , the author helped the artist .	Did the author help the artist ?	no
If the bankers waited , the scientist performed .	Did the scientist perform ?	no
If the artists shouted , the lawyers stopped the athletes .	Did the lawyers stop the athletes ?	no
Unless the judge ran , the lawyers stopped the artist .	Did the lawyers stop the artist ?	no
If the doctor stopped the tourist , the athletes avoided the senators .	Did the athletes avoid the senators ?	no
Unless the banker performed , the tourist danced .	Did the tourist dance ?	no
Unless the banker advised the author , the doctors saw the actor .	Did the doctors see the actor ?	no
Unless the judges admired the manager , the bankers called the scientist .	Did the bankers call the scientist ?	no
Unless the president admired the banker , the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	no
Unless the tourist ran , the manager danced .	Did the manager dance ?	no
Unless the lawyer supported the student , the judges admired the scientists .	Did the judges admire the scientists ?	no
If the artist admired the authors , the doctors stopped the scientist .	Did the doctors stop the scientist ?	no
If the authors supported the athlete , the senators avoided the tourists .	Did the senators avoid the tourists ?	no
If the students believed the judges , the actor arrived .	Did the actor arrive ?	no
If the student admired the scientist , the tourist recognized the athlete .	Did the tourist recognize the athlete ?	no
Unless the judges recognized the artist , the doctors helped the professor .	Did the doctors help the professor ?	no
Unless the presidents introduced the lawyers , the artist avoided the doctor .	Did the artist avoid the doctor ?	no
If the tourist contacted the scientist , the bankers avoided the athlete .	Did the bankers avoid the athlete ?	no
Unless the senators ran , the tourists supported the manager .	Did the tourists support the manager ?	no
If the student performed , the tourist advised the professors .	Did the tourist advise the professors ?	no
Unless the professors introduced the artists , the doctors danced .	Did the doctors dance ?	no
If the managers saw the scientist , the author performed .	Did the author perform ?	no
Unless the professor called the presidents , the tourist admired the lawyers .	Did the tourist admire the lawyers ?	no
Unless the professor thanked the judges , the senator encouraged the actors .	Did the senator encourage the actors ?	no
Unless the senator waited , the manager slept .	Did the manager sleep ?	no
If the actors arrived , the tourists waited .	Did the tourists wait ?	no
Unless the professors admired the manager , the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	no
If the lawyers stopped the scientist , the athlete avoided the author .	Did the athlete avoid the author ?	no
If the secretary ran , the senator waited .	Did the senator wait ?	no
If the secretaries waited , the author admired the judge .	Did the author admire the judge ?	no
Unless the presidents contacted the doctors , the manager shouted .	Did the manager shout ?	no
If the secretary resigned , the judge avoided the artist .	Did the judge avoid the artist ?	no
If the actor recognized the secretaries , the professors shouted .	Did the professors shout ?	no
Unless the lawyer thanked the secretaries , the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	no
If the lawyers encouraged the artist , the students contacted the banker .	Did the students contact the banker ?	no
If the president supported the banker , the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	no
If the managers supported the actors , the secretaries danced .	Did the secretaries dance ?	no
Unless the actor stopped the managers , the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	no
If the doctor advised the professor , the judges believed the scientists .	Did the judges believe the scientists ?	no
Unless the lawyer mentioned the presidents , the bankers avoided the secretary .	Did the bankers avoid the secretary ?	no
If the student advised the judges , the doctors avoided the lawyers .	Did the doctors avoid the lawyers ?	no
Unless the lawyer danced , the doctor avoided the students .	Did the doctor avoid the students ?	no
Unless the athlete waited , the students recognized the author .	Did the students recognize the author ?	no
The lawyers believed that the tourists shouted .	Did the tourists shout ?	no
The lawyers believed that the tourists slept .	Did the tourists sleep ?	no
The managers assumed that the secretaries believed the actor .	Did the secretaries believe the actor ?	no
The artists hoped that the bankers arrived .	Did the bankers arrive ?	no
The lawyers said that the scientists supported the authors .	Did the scientists support the authors ?	no
The actor hoped that the secretaries called the artists .	Did the secretaries call the artists ?	no
The lawyers said that the tourist saw the artist .	Did the tourist see the artist ?	no
The tourists said that the lawyer saw the secretary .	Did the lawyer see the secretary ?	no
The professors thought that the lawyers introduced the athlete .	Did the lawyers introduce the athlete ?	no
The banker said that the lawyer avoided the secretary .	Did the lawyer avoid the secretary ?	no
The senators thought that the scientist recognized the presidents .	Did the scientist recognize the presidents ?	no
The doctor assumed that the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	no
The managers believed that the artists shouted .	Did the artists shout ?	no
The president thought that the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
The athletes thought that the lawyer recommended the tourist .	Did the lawyer recommend the tourist ?	no
The presidents thought that the manager arrived .	Did the manager arrive ?	no
The professor thought that the judges arrived .	Did the judges arrive ?	no
The banker believed that the actor saw the secretary .	Did the actor see the secretary ?	no
The scientists hoped that the actor supported the lawyer .	Did the actor support the lawyer ?	no
The lawyer claimed that the author introduced the athletes .	Did the author introduce the athletes ?	no
The professor thought that the student arrived .	Did the student arrive ?	no
The judge claimed that the managers recognized the artists .	Did the managers recognize the artists ?	no
The scientists assumed that the actors stopped the tourist .	Did the actors stop the tourist ?	no
The secretaries thought that the senators introduced the presidents .	Did the senators introduce the presidents ?	no
The doctors thought that the managers performed .	Did the managers perform ?	no
The secretaries assumed that the authors contacted the presidents .	Did the authors contact the presidents ?	no
The athlete assumed that the student thanked the manager .	Did the student thank the manager ?	no
The tourists said that the artists helped the professor .	Did the artists help the professor ?	no
The tourists hoped that the judge mentioned the actors .	Did the judge mention the actors ?	no
The tourists claimed that the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	no
The professor thought that the actors mentioned the senators .	Did the actors mention the senators ?	no
The doctors said that the scientists encouraged the senator .	Did the scientists encourage the senator ?	no
The tourist believed that the athletes encouraged the banker .	Did the athletes encourage the banker ?	no
The professors hoped that the lawyers ran .	Did the lawyers run ?	no
The bankers hoped that the doctor advised the actors .	Did the doctor advise the actors ?	no
The doctor hoped that the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	no
The scientist claimed that the senators stopped the secretaries .	Did the senators stop the secretaries ?	no
The secretary claimed that the senator helped the authors .	Did the senator help the authors ?	no
The doctor believed that the judges contacted the scientists .	Did the judges contact the scientists ?	no
The athlete believed that the managers performed .	Did the managers perform ?	no
The presidents assumed that the judges thanked the lawyers .	Did the judges thank the lawyers ?	no
The artists assumed that the secretaries advised the lawyers .	Did the secretaries advise the lawyers ?	no
The athletes thought that the lawyers advised the scientists .	Did the lawyers advise the scientists ?	no
The professor believed that the judge slept .	Did the judge sleep ?	no
The authors assumed that the senator thanked the athletes .	Did the senator thank the athletes ?	no
The actors said that the student introduced the lawyer .	Did the student introduce the lawyer ?	no
The secretary hoped that the artists helped the actor .	Did the artists help the actor ?	no
The artists thought that the lawyer danced .	Did the lawyer dance ?	no
The presidents said that the lawyer recognized the actors .	Did the lawyer recognize the actors ?	no
The author thought that the secretary introduced the senator .	Did the secretary introduce the senator ?	no
The artists thought that the managers admired the scientists .	Did the managers admire the scientists ?	no
The senator claimed that the doctor stopped the student .	Did the doctor stop the student ?	no
The president believed that the actor called the senators .	Did the actor call the senators ?	no
The secretary said that the judge ran .	Did the judge run ?	no
The author claimed that the judge stopped the tourist .	Did the judge stop the tourist ?	no
The author assumed that the president thanked the scientists .	Did the president thank the scientists ?	no
The author assumed that the athletes helped the presidents .	Did the athletes help the presidents ?	no
The judge claimed that the doctor introduced the artists .	Did the doctor introduce the artists ?	no
The professor believed that the athlete encouraged the tourists .	Did the athlete encourage the tourists ?	no
The professors claimed that the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	no
The scientist thought that the doctors waited .	Did the doctors wait ?	no
The artists hoped that the president stopped the bankers .	Did the president stop the bankers ?	no
The scientists thought that the lawyers slept .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	no
The authors said that the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	no
The professor believed that the scientist recommended the doctor .	Did the scientist recommend the doctor ?	no
The secretary said that the artists advised the lawyers .	Did the artists advise the lawyers ?	no
The artist claimed that the students ran .	Did the students run ?	no
The doctors believed that the professors contacted the secretary .	Did the professors contact the secretary ?	no
The judge claimed that the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	no
The presidents hoped that the banker contacted the scientists .	Did the banker contact the scientists ?	no
The lawyer claimed that the student slept .	Did the student sleep ?	no
The tourists hoped that the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	no
The senator believed that the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	no
The scientist thought that the tourist supported the senator .	Did the tourist support the senator ?	no
The managers thought that the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	no
The student believed that the artists admired the scientists .	Did the artists admire the scientists ?	no
The lawyers hoped that the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	no
The secretaries thought that the artist encouraged the athletes .	Did the artist encourage the athletes ?	no
The athlete said that the senators performed .	Did the senators perform ?	no
The artists said that the managers performed .	Did the managers perform ?	no
The senator assumed that the bankers advised the lawyer .	Did the bankers advise the lawyer ?	no
The secretary believed that the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
The secretary said that the scientists resigned .	Did the scientists resign ?	no
The scientists thought that the tourist saw the lawyers .	Did the tourist see the lawyers ?	no
The senator assumed that the tourist supported the lawyer .	Did the tourist support the lawyer ?	no
The bankers thought that the tourist called the managers .	Did the tourist call the managers ?	no
The manager thought that the lawyer avoided the doctors .	Did the lawyer avoid the doctors ?	no
The professors thought that the senator supported the secretaries .	Did the senator support the secretaries ?	no
The senators said that the artist advised the authors .	Did the artist advise the authors ?	no
The managers assumed that the senators saw the scientist .	Did the senators see the scientist ?	no
The tourist claimed that the senator admired the president .	Did the senator admire the president ?	no
The banker thought that the students encouraged the athlete .	Did the students encourage the athlete ?	no
The athletes thought that the scientist resigned .	Did the scientist resign ?	no
The secretary said that the senator avoided the artist .	Did the senator avoid the artist ?	no
The doctor thought that the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	no
The athletes said that the secretary supported the tourists .	Did the secretary support the tourists ?	no
The judge hoped that the scientists supported the artist .	Did the scientists support the artist ?	no
The athlete said that the author recognized the secretary .	Did the author recognize the secretary ?	no
The actors assumed that the athletes mentioned the student .	Did the athletes mention the student ?	no
The actor thought that the secretary called the doctor .	Did the secretary call the doctor ?	no
The athlete assumed that the authors waited .	Did the authors wait ?	no
The judge thought that the student danced .	Did the student dance ?	no
The senator said that the manager arrived .	Did the manager arrive ?	no
The manager thought that the presidents ran .	Did the presidents run ?	no
The doctors believed that the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	no
The athlete said that the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	no
The athletes believed that the doctor admired the artists .	Did the doctor admire the artists ?	no
The authors hoped that the judge performed .	Did the judge perform ?	no
The professors claimed that the scientist advised the tourist .	Did the scientist advise the tourist ?	no
The manager hoped that the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	no
The doctor said that the author saw the lawyer .	Did the author see the lawyer ?	no
The artist thought that the bankers stopped the managers .	Did the bankers stop the managers ?	no
The judge said that the bankers saw the secretary .	Did the bankers see the secretary ?	no
The presidents hoped that the bankers avoided the judge .	Did the bankers avoid the judge ?	no
The senators assumed that the student contacted the actors .	Did the student contact the actors ?	no
The presidents hoped that the scientists arrived .	Did the scientists arrive ?	no
The banker thought that the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	no
The tourist said that the senators danced .	Did the senators dance ?	no
The students assumed that the scientists contacted the senator .	Did the scientists contact the senator ?	no
The lawyer hoped that the secretaries helped the students .	Did the secretaries help the students ?	no
The senators believed that the lawyers contacted the doctor .	Did the lawyers contact the doctor ?	no
The president hoped that the professors recognized the author .	Did the professors recognize the author ?	no
The lawyers believed that the senator thanked the athletes .	Did the senator thank the athletes ?	no
The presidents claimed that the managers introduced the secretaries .	Did the managers introduce the secretaries ?	no
The bankers thought that the judges supported the tourist .	Did the judges support the tourist ?	no
The senator hoped that the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	no
The scientist hoped that the senators helped the president .	Did the senators help the president ?	no
The artist hoped that the actors contacted the manager .	Did the actors contact the manager ?	no
The professors hoped that the doctor called the bankers .	Did the doctor call the bankers ?	no
The judges believed that the artist saw the manager .	Did the artist see the manager ?	no
The student claimed that the tourist helped the doctor .	Did the tourist help the doctor ?	no
The lawyers claimed that the scientist called the students .	Did the scientist call the students ?	no
The presidents claimed that the professor called the athlete .	Did the professor call the athlete ?	no
The judge thought that the student encouraged the athletes .	Did the student encourage the athletes ?	no
The scientists assumed that the bankers mentioned the managers .	Did the bankers mention the managers ?	no
The author thought that the professor danced .	Did the professor dance ?	no
The artist thought that the secretaries contacted the managers .	Did the secretaries contact the managers ?	no
The authors claimed that the scientist recommended the judge .	Did the scientist recommend the judge ?	no
The judges assumed that the scientists introduced the author .	Did the scientists introduce the author ?	no
The lawyers claimed that the students slept .	Did the students sleep ?	no
The senators hoped that the managers supported the tourist .	Did the managers support the tourist ?	no
The president assumed that the senator ran .	Did the senator run ?	no
The scientists hoped that the professors encouraged the tourists .	Did the professors encourage the tourists ?	no
The scientist hoped that the president shouted .	Did the president shout ?	no
The athletes claimed that the banker helped the tourist .	Did the banker help the tourist ?	no
The lawyer thought that the president contacted the tourists .	Did the president contact the tourists ?	no
The author said that the actor thanked the athlete .	Did the actor thank the athlete ?	no
The presidents assumed that the doctors danced .	Did the doctors dance ?	no
The scientist believed that the athlete advised the lawyers .	Did the athlete advise the lawyers ?	no
The banker hoped that the senator performed .	Did the senator perform ?	no
The senators thought that the tourists admired the judges .	Did the tourists admire the judges ?	no
The secretaries assumed that the banker contacted the manager .	Did the banker contact the manager ?	no
The professors thought that the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	no
The tourist believed that the authors helped the bankers .	Did the authors help the bankers ?	no
The president thought that the judges mentioned the actor .	Did the judges mention the actor ?	no
The author said that the doctors danced .	Did the doctors dance ?	no
The professor assumed that the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	no
The tourists said that the doctor called the lawyer .	Did the doctor call the lawyer ?	no
The manager said that the students recommended the judge .	Did the students recommend the judge ?	no
The scientists assumed that the bankers shouted .	Did the bankers shout ?	no
The secretary claimed that the artist resigned .	Did the artist resign ?	no
The author assumed that the scientists called the judges .	Did the scientists call the judges ?	no
The senators assumed that the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	no
The doctor believed that the tourists performed .	Did the tourists perform ?	no
The students thought that the judges believed the doctors .	Did the judges believe the doctors ?	no
The artist assumed that the secretaries performed .	Did the secretaries perform ?	no
The banker hoped that the senators admired the presidents .	Did the senators admire the presidents ?	no
The athletes hoped that the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	no
The professor hoped that the doctors arrived .	Did the doctors arrive ?	no
The athletes assumed that the judge stopped the senator .	Did the judge stop the senator ?	no
The doctor believed that the tourists contacted the actors .	Did the tourists contact the actors ?	no
The lawyer thought that the tourists supported the senator .	Did the tourists support the senator ?	no
The students said that the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	no
The lawyers thought that the banker advised the senator .	Did the banker advise the senator ?	no
The actors claimed that the authors mentioned the managers .	Did the authors mention the managers ?	no
The lawyers said that the artist resigned .	Did the artist resign ?	no
The authors claimed that the lawyer thanked the artists .	Did the lawyer thank the artists ?	no
The senators assumed that the lawyers supported the author .	Did the lawyers support the author ?	no
The tourist claimed that the managers saw the secretary .	Did the managers see the secretary ?	no
The scientists hoped that the tourist believed the secretaries .	Did the tourist believe the secretaries ?	no
The lawyers thought that the senator helped the judge .	Did the senator help the judge ?	no
The author hoped that the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	no
The scientists believed that the judges arrived .	Did the judges arrive ?	no
The scientist assumed that the artists called the actor .	Did the artists call the actor ?	no
The president hoped that the students performed .	Did the students perform ?	no
The actor claimed that the artist saw the tourists .	Did the artist see the tourists ?	no
The presidents thought that the scientist performed .	Did the scientist perform ?	no
The actor believed that the manager mentioned the artists .	Did the manager mention the artists ?	no
The tourists said that the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	no
The author thought that the professors encouraged the artist .	Did the professors encourage the artist ?	no
The secretaries said that the professors called the athletes .	Did the professors call the athletes ?	no
The judge hoped that the banker supported the athlete .	Did the banker support the athlete ?	no
The lawyer assumed that the author encouraged the managers .	Did the author encourage the managers ?	no
The presidents assumed that the senators encouraged the student .	Did the senators encourage the student ?	no
The senators assumed that the actors waited .	Did the actors wait ?	no
The professor thought that the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	no
The artists believed that the doctors avoided the scientists .	Did the doctors avoid the scientists ?	no
The judge claimed that the lawyers saw the professors .	Did the lawyers see the professors ?	no
The artists assumed that the author encouraged the lawyer .	Did the author encourage the lawyer ?	no
The judges claimed that the manager supported the scientist .	Did the manager support the scientist ?	no
The athletes assumed that the artist helped the student .	Did the artist help the student ?	no
The student hoped that the banker mentioned the doctors .	Did the banker mention the doctors ?	no
The actors hoped that the scientists ran .	Did the scientists run ?	no
The judges assumed that the senator advised the artists .	Did the senator advise the artists ?	no
The senators thought that the author mentioned the professor .	Did the author mention the professor ?	no
The president hoped that the lawyer believed the tourists .	Did the lawyer believe the tourists ?	no
The professor believed that the judges saw the tourists .	Did the judges see the tourists ?	no
The presidents said that the manager encouraged the athletes .	Did the manager encourage the athletes ?	no
The judge assumed that the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	no
The manager assumed that the doctor helped the banker .	Did the doctor help the banker ?	no
The senator assumed that the bankers mentioned the student .	Did the bankers mention the student ?	no
The students said that the artists advised the senator .	Did the artists advise the senator ?	no
The managers claimed that the student recommended the secretaries .	Did the student recommend the secretaries ?	no
The professors claimed that the student contacted the actor .	Did the student contact the actor ?	no
The author hoped that the president mentioned the professor .	Did the president mention the professor ?	no
The doctor assumed that the student mentioned the athlete .	Did the student mention the athlete ?	no
The presidents hoped that the actor advised the professor .	Did the actor advise the professor ?	no
The artists said that the senator introduced the professor .	Did the senator introduce the professor ?	no
The athlete claimed that the student supported the doctor .	Did the student support the doctor ?	no
The manager assumed that the lawyers advised the actor .	Did the lawyers advise the actor ?	no
The bankers claimed that the presidents helped the lawyers .	Did the presidents help the lawyers ?	no
The scientists said that the actor saw the manager .	Did the actor see the manager ?	no
The actor hoped that the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	no
The professors thought that the presidents supported the tourists .	Did the presidents support the tourists ?	no
The artist believed that the judges supported the president .	Did the judges support the president ?	no
The lawyer claimed that the banker recognized the senator .	Did the banker recognize the senator ?	no
The tourists said that the athletes resigned .	Did the athletes resign ?	no
The judge assumed that the secretary waited .	Did the secretary wait ?	no
The actors assumed that the author danced .	Did the author dance ?	no
The senators hoped that the athlete called the judges .	Did the athlete call the judges ?	no
The doctor believed that the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	no
The president thought that the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	no
The president thought that the tourists advised the actors .	Did the tourists advise the actors ?	no
The doctor claimed that the professor resigned .	Did the professor resign ?	no
The managers assumed that the secretary called the president .	Did the secretary call the president ?	no
The student said that the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	no
The managers hoped that the secretary ran .	Did the secretary run ?	no
The senators believed that the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	no
The judge believed that the scientists shouted .	Did the scientists shout ?	no
The bankers assumed that the authors believed the athlete .	Did the authors believe the athlete ?	no
The senator thought that the managers recognized the student .	Did the managers recognize the student ?	no
The doctors said that the students called the presidents .	Did the students call the presidents ?	no
The presidents believed that the secretary waited .	Did the secretary wait ?	no
The tourist assumed that the presidents encouraged the athletes .	Did the presidents encourage the athletes ?	no
The tourist believed that the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	no
The doctor claimed that the tourist encouraged the actor .	Did the tourist encourage the actor ?	no
The secretary assumed that the author stopped the tourists .	Did the author stop the tourists ?	no
The professor hoped that the presidents thanked the artist .	Did the presidents thank the artist ?	no
The president hoped that the artists saw the bankers .	Did the artists see the bankers ?	no
The artists thought that the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	no
The manager said that the author recommended the lawyer .	Did the author recommend the lawyer ?	no
The judges hoped that the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	no
The tourists said that the actor encouraged the secretaries .	Did the actor encourage the secretaries ?	no
The professor said that the secretary stopped the artists .	Did the secretary stop the artists ?	no
The senator believed that the manager performed .	Did the manager perform ?	no
The bankers assumed that the tourist advised the judge .	Did the tourist advise the judge ?	no
The tourists believed that the senator stopped the secretary .	Did the senator stop the secretary ?	no
The artist hoped that the doctors avoided the professor .	Did the doctors avoid the professor ?	no
The artists assumed that the senators called the president .	Did the senators call the president ?	no
The doctor claimed that the actor contacted the professors .	Did the actor contact the professors ?	no
The banker said that the professor introduced the artists .	Did the professor introduce the artists ?	no
The student believed that the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	no
The lawyers claimed that the athletes recognized the judges .	Did the athletes recognize the judges ?	no
The doctor assumed that the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	no
The students believed that the professor advised the manager .	Did the professor advise the manager ?	no
The athletes believed that the bankers supported the scientist .	Did the bankers support the scientist ?	no
The athletes said that the judges recommended the senator .	Did the judges recommend the senator ?	no
The secretaries hoped that the judge admired the bankers .	Did the judge admire the bankers ?	no
The athletes assumed that the professors advised the scientist .	Did the professors advise the scientist ?	no
The judge hoped that the professors waited .	Did the professors wait ?	no
The authors assumed that the lawyer helped the professors .	Did the lawyer help the professors ?	no
The lawyer claimed that the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	no
The artist thought that the senators introduced the judge .	Did the senators introduce the judge ?	no
The tourist assumed that the senator believed the actors .	Did the senator believe the actors ?	no
The president said that the lawyer contacted the author .	Did the lawyer contact the author ?	no
The president claimed that the scientists advised the doctors .	Did the scientists advise the doctors ?	no
The students claimed that the scientists mentioned the actors .	Did the scientists mention the actors ?	no
The presidents hoped that the lawyers helped the tourists .	Did the lawyers help the tourists ?	no
The tourist claimed that the doctor saw the scientist .	Did the doctor see the scientist ?	no
The lawyer claimed that the artist recommended the bankers .	Did the artist recommend the bankers ?	no
The student said that the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	no
The judges claimed that the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	no
The author thought that the scientists resigned .	Did the scientists resign ?	no
The professors assumed that the banker waited .	Did the banker wait ?	no
The senators claimed that the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	no
The tourists assumed that the scientist performed .	Did the scientist perform ?	no
The secretary claimed that the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	no
The president thought that the students admired the judges .	Did the students admire the judges ?	no
The tourists thought that the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	no
The manager said that the athletes helped the banker .	Did the athletes help the banker ?	no
The athlete hoped that the artists called the tourist .	Did the artists call the tourist ?	no
The presidents assumed that the doctor saw the actor .	Did the doctor see the actor ?	no
The athletes claimed that the managers advised the actor .	Did the managers advise the actor ?	no
The manager assumed that the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	no
The scientists hoped that the manager ran .	Did the manager run ?	no
The author claimed that the artist recognized the actors .	Did the artist recognize the actors ?	no
The judges claimed that the senators encouraged the tourist .	Did the senators encourage the tourist ?	no
The scientist assumed that the manager slept .	Did the manager sleep ?	no
The tourists said that the judge admired the senators .	Did the judge admire the senators ?	no
The banker believed that the scientist supported the secretary .	Did the scientist support the secretary ?	no
The senators thought that the tourists called the lawyer .	Did the tourists call the lawyer ?	no
The tourists assumed that the artist waited .	Did the artist wait ?	no
The scientists said that the managers shouted .	Did the managers shout ?	no
The president assumed that the author supported the actors .	Did the author support the actors ?	no
The secretaries believed that the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	no
The presidents thought that the scientists supported the professors .	Did the scientists support the professors ?	no
The senators claimed that the professor recognized the judge .	Did the professor recognize the judge ?	no
The scientist assumed that the judges saw the artist .	Did the judges see the artist ?	no
The tourist hoped that the doctor called the athlete .	Did the doctor call the athlete ?	no
The scientist hoped that the student arrived .	Did the student arrive ?	no
The banker assumed that the secretaries waited .	Did the secretaries wait ?	no
The lawyers believed that the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	no
The athletes claimed that the secretaries thanked the artist .	Did the secretaries thank the artist ?	no
The managers claimed that the senator shouted .	Did the senator shout ?	no
The athletes claimed that the manager saw the professor .	Did the manager see the professor ?	no
The lawyers claimed that the scientist contacted the authors .	Did the scientist contact the authors ?	no
The scientist thought that the senators performed .	Did the senators perform ?	no
The professor hoped that the author mentioned the presidents .	Did the author mention the presidents ?	no
The tourist hoped that the doctor admired the managers .	Did the doctor admire the managers ?	no
The senators thought that the student saw the athletes .	Did the student see the athletes ?	no
The actor assumed that the managers admired the scientist .	Did the managers admire the scientist ?	no
The senators hoped that the lawyer arrived .	Did the lawyer arrive ?	no
The secretary hoped that the presidents introduced the senator .	Did the presidents introduce the senator ?	no
The lawyers said that the professors advised the doctor .	Did the professors advise the doctor ?	no
The judges thought that the senators danced .	Did the senators dance ?	no
The lawyers claimed that the professor danced .	Did the professor dance ?	no
The doctors hoped that the authors helped the senators .	Did the authors help the senators ?	no
The professor claimed that the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	no
The secretary hoped that the lawyers believed the scientists .	Did the lawyers believe the scientists ?	no
The senators claimed that the student admired the presidents .	Did the student admire the presidents ?	no
The artists believed that the manager advised the author .	Did the manager advise the author ?	no
The author hoped that the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	no
The president hoped that the secretary performed .	Did the secretary perform ?	no
The student claimed that the managers helped the doctors .	Did the managers help the doctors ?	no
The secretaries said that the senator helped the authors .	Did the senator help the authors ?	no
The tourist thought that the secretaries supported the lawyer .	Did the secretaries support the lawyer ?	no
The president thought that the judges helped the author .	Did the judges help the author ?	no
The banker thought that the manager supported the senators .	Did the manager support the senators ?	no
The lawyer said that the artist admired the professors .	Did the artist admire the professors ?	no
The athletes claimed that the scientists supported the banker .	Did the scientists support the banker ?	no
The scientists believed that the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	no
The actors thought that the doctor resigned .	Did the doctor resign ?	no
The author assumed that the professor waited .	Did the professor wait ?	no
The judges thought that the secretary performed .	Did the secretary perform ?	no
The scientists said that the actors advised the professor .	Did the actors advise the professor ?	no
The president said that the student recommended the lawyers .	Did the student recommend the lawyers ?	no
The senators claimed that the authors performed .	Did the authors perform ?	no
The president hoped that the scientist stopped the artists .	Did the scientist stop the artists ?	no
The banker hoped that the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	no
The president assumed that the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	no
The manager thought that the lawyer recognized the doctors .	Did the lawyer recognize the doctors ?	no
The senator thought that the tourist stopped the professor .	Did the tourist stop the professor ?	no
The actor assumed that the senators saw the students .	Did the senators see the students ?	no
The bankers claimed that the professors slept .	Did the professors sleep ?	no
The students assumed that the athlete called the tourists .	Did the athlete call the tourists ?	no
The secretaries believed that the tourist ran .	Did the tourist run ?	no
The tourists said that the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	no
The students thought that the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	no
The authors said that the judges saw the professor .	Did the judges see the professor ?	no
The judges claimed that the author supported the secretaries .	Did the author support the secretaries ?	no
The judges believed that the students encouraged the doctor .	Did the students encourage the doctor ?	no
The actors thought that the manager thanked the athlete .	Did the manager thank the athlete ?	no
The judges claimed that the scientists resigned .	Did the scientists resign ?	no
The senator hoped that the tourist advised the managers .	Did the tourist advise the managers ?	no
The secretary assumed that the tourist supported the authors .	Did the tourist support the authors ?	no
The senators said that the managers waited .	Did the managers wait ?	no
The secretary assumed that the actors recommended the athlete .	Did the actors recommend the athlete ?	no
The doctors hoped that the professors avoided the authors .	Did the professors avoid the authors ?	no
The lawyer thought that the senators supported the manager .	Did the senators support the manager ?	no
The actors believed that the authors waited .	Did the authors wait ?	no
The senator hoped that the athlete resigned .	Did the athlete resign ?	no
The managers thought that the scientist resigned .	Did the scientist resign ?	no
The senators assumed that the president advised the actors .	Did the president advise the actors ?	no
The authors thought that the athlete introduced the professors .	Did the athlete introduce the professors ?	no
The actor claimed that the authors avoided the athletes .	Did the authors avoid the athletes ?	no
The tourist hoped that the presidents avoided the doctors .	Did the presidents avoid the doctors ?	no
The doctors hoped that the tourist called the judges .	Did the tourist call the judges ?	no
The actors said that the authors performed .	Did the authors perform ?	no
The actor hoped that the professors resigned .	Did the professors resign ?	no
The scientist thought that the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	no
The professor assumed that the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	no
The athletes assumed that the judge believed the actor .	Did the judge believe the actor ?	no
The athletes believed that the senators contacted the lawyers .	Did the senators contact the lawyers ?	no
The athletes claimed that the professor admired the actor .	Did the professor admire the actor ?	no
The managers hoped that the professors called the doctors .	Did the professors call the doctors ?	no
The judge hoped that the tourists slept .	Did the tourists sleep ?	no
The tourist said that the actors waited .	Did the actors wait ?	no
The senators assumed that the doctors ran .	Did the doctors run ?	no
The secretaries assumed that the banker mentioned the athlete .	Did the banker mention the athlete ?	no
The judges claimed that the artists contacted the athlete .	Did the artists contact the athlete ?	no
The doctors claimed that the artists supported the judge .	Did the artists support the judge ?	no
The judges claimed that the manager thanked the senators .	Did the manager thank the senators ?	no
The manager believed that the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	no
The student thought that the actor helped the manager .	Did the actor help the manager ?	no
The presidents thought that the lawyers encouraged the students .	Did the lawyers encourage the students ?	no
The student hoped that the judges ran .	Did the judges run ?	no
The actors thought that the president slept .	Did the president sleep ?	no
The secretary claimed that the bankers waited .	Did the bankers wait ?	no
The doctors thought that the secretaries called the senators .	Did the secretaries call the senators ?	no
The president believed that the managers helped the secretaries .	Did the managers help the secretaries ?	no
The president claimed that the professor arrived .	Did the professor arrive ?	no
The lawyer believed that the actors supported the presidents .	Did the actors support the presidents ?	no
The president said that the senators called the judge .	Did the senators call the judge ?	no
The doctor claimed that the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	no
The actor said that the professors slept .	Did the professors sleep ?	no
The professors hoped that the managers helped the presidents .	Did the managers help the presidents ?	no
The student assumed that the actors called the doctor .	Did the actors call the doctor ?	no
The senator said that the scientist supported the athlete .	Did the scientist support the athlete ?	no
The author assumed that the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	no
The banker said that the manager stopped the artist .	Did the manager stop the artist ?	no
The managers believed that the senators resigned .	Did the senators resign ?	no
The tourists assumed that the professor encouraged the lawyers .	Did the professor encourage the lawyers ?	no
The authors claimed that the athlete stopped the judge .	Did the athlete stop the judge ?	no
The judges said that the lawyers advised the author .	Did the lawyers advise the author ?	no
The lawyer hoped that the author believed the artist .	Did the author believe the artist ?	no
The tourist assumed that the artists introduced the judge .	Did the artists introduce the judge ?	no
The lawyer claimed that the artist resigned .	Did the artist resign ?	no
The lawyers thought that the secretaries arrived .	Did the secretaries arrive ?	no
The actor claimed that the student contacted the professor .	Did the student contact the professor ?	no
The doctors claimed that the artist encouraged the professor .	Did the artist encourage the professor ?	no
The secretaries assumed that the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	no
The tourists assumed that the judges helped the manager .	Did the judges help the manager ?	no
The lawyers hoped that the senator waited .	Did the senator wait ?	no
The lawyer believed that the scientists thanked the managers .	Did the scientists thank the managers ?	no
The actor said that the artists slept .	Did the artists sleep ?	no
The presidents believed that the artist slept .	Did the artist sleep ?	no
The senator claimed that the presidents avoided the doctors .	Did the presidents avoid the doctors ?	no
The scientist assumed that the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	no
The students hoped that the lawyers helped the tourist .	Did the lawyers help the tourist ?	no
The senators believed that the artists admired the banker .	Did the artists admire the banker ?	no
The actor hoped that the athlete encouraged the banker .	Did the athlete encourage the banker ?	no
The lawyers hoped that the presidents introduced the judges .	Did the presidents introduce the judges ?	no
The students thought that the doctor believed the scientists .	Did the doctor believe the scientists ?	no
The judge hoped that the professors slept .	Did the professors sleep ?	no
The senator said that the judge ran .	Did the judge run ?	no
The president claimed that the student introduced the tourist .	Did the student introduce the tourist ?	no
The senators claimed that the actors thanked the artists .	Did the actors thank the artists ?	no
The scientist believed that the students mentioned the artist .	Did the students mention the artist ?	no
The bankers thought that the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	no
The tourists claimed that the secretary ran .	Did the secretary run ?	no
The lawyers thought that the doctors danced .	Did the doctors dance ?	no
The students said that the professors encouraged the scientists .	Did the professors encourage the scientists ?	no
The athlete claimed that the students called the scientist .	Did the students call the scientist ?	no
The athletes said that the artists mentioned the lawyers .	Did the artists mention the lawyers ?	no
The bankers thought that the artist contacted the students .	Did the artist contact the students ?	no
The athlete believed that the secretaries performed .	Did the secretaries perform ?	no
The manager thought that the actors stopped the lawyer .	Did the actors stop the lawyer ?	no
The actors thought that the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	no
The tourist claimed that the doctors arrived .	Did the doctors arrive ?	no
The banker assumed that the students ran .	Did the students run ?	no
The managers said that the artists helped the tourists .	Did the artists help the tourists ?	no
The actor thought that the artist believed the senator .	Did the artist believe the senator ?	no
The secretary believed that the actor shouted .	Did the actor shout ?	no
The bankers believed that the doctor supported the artists .	Did the doctor support the artists ?	no
The bankers claimed that the student introduced the managers .	Did the student introduce the managers ?	no
The actor thought that the judge recommended the authors .	Did the judge recommend the authors ?	no
The judges claimed that the managers avoided the tourists .	Did the managers avoid the tourists ?	no
The president said that the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	no
The doctors assumed that the president believed the senators .	Did the president believe the senators ?	no
The student claimed that the tourists ran .	Did the tourists run ?	no
The lawyer believed that the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	no
The judges said that the lawyer helped the manager .	Did the lawyer help the manager ?	no
The bankers said that the scientists supported the actors .	Did the scientists support the actors ?	no
The scientist assumed that the athlete danced .	Did the athlete dance ?	no
The tourist believed that the professor contacted the senator .	Did the professor contact the senator ?	no
The athletes assumed that the managers mentioned the senator .	Did the managers mention the senator ?	no
The athletes claimed that the tourists advised the presidents .	Did the tourists advise the presidents ?	no
The author claimed that the president called the scientists .	Did the president call the scientists ?	no
The author thought that the actor ran .	Did the actor run ?	no
The professors believed that the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	no
The presidents assumed that the bankers contacted the lawyer .	Did the bankers contact the lawyer ?	no
The scientist claimed that the athlete encouraged the professors .	Did the athlete encourage the professors ?	no
The tourists said that the secretary thanked the doctors .	Did the secretary thank the doctors ?	no
The artists hoped that the presidents encouraged the manager .	Did the presidents encourage the manager ?	no
The manager hoped that the banker performed .	Did the banker perform ?	no
The secretary claimed that the president stopped the managers .	Did the president stop the managers ?	no
The artists said that the senators called the lawyers .	Did the senators call the lawyers ?	no
The authors hoped that the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	no
The banker thought that the doctor mentioned the athletes .	Did the doctor mention the athletes ?	no
The lawyer believed that the author stopped the actor .	Did the author stop the actor ?	no
The lawyer thought that the actors mentioned the secretary .	Did the actors mention the secretary ?	no
The judge said that the professors admired the senators .	Did the professors admire the senators ?	no
The managers said that the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	no
The judge said that the bankers called the actor .	Did the bankers call the actor ?	no
The students hoped that the scientists slept .	Did the scientists sleep ?	no
The lawyers thought that the judges supported the presidents .	Did the judges support the presidents ?	no
The lawyer hoped that the professor waited .	Did the professor wait ?	no
The author said that the senator performed .	Did the senator perform ?	no
The doctors hoped that the presidents shouted .	Did the presidents shout ?	no
The professors believed that the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	no
The tourist believed that the president slept .	Did the president sleep ?	no
The scientists thought that the secretaries supported the actors .	Did the secretaries support the actors ?	no
The senator hoped that the actors supported the artists .	Did the actors support the artists ?	no
The managers hoped that the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	no
The managers said that the tourist helped the athlete .	Did the tourist help the athlete ?	no
The senators said that the actor ran .	Did the actor run ?	no
The artist believed that the manager introduced the secretaries .	Did the manager introduce the secretaries ?	no
The scientists believed that the president shouted .	Did the president shout ?	no
The students thought that the doctor admired the athlete .	Did the doctor admire the athlete ?	no
The professors said that the students shouted .	Did the students shout ?	no
The authors thought that the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	no
The artists claimed that the doctors mentioned the secretaries .	Did the doctors mention the secretaries ?	no
The artists said that the senators contacted the judges .	Did the senators contact the judges ?	no
The author thought that the athlete believed the students .	Did the athlete believe the students ?	no
The president believed that the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	no
The lawyer believed that the authors introduced the artists .	Did the authors introduce the artists ?	no
The managers thought that the students avoided the actor .	Did the students avoid the actor ?	no
The managers thought that the actor advised the athlete .	Did the actor advise the athlete ?	no
The senator thought that the lawyer recommended the student .	Did the lawyer recommend the student ?	no
The professor assumed that the tourists contacted the lawyer .	Did the tourists contact the lawyer ?	no
The senator assumed that the tourists ran .	Did the tourists run ?	no
The senators assumed that the professor advised the student .	Did the professor advise the student ?	no
The student said that the lawyer helped the secretary .	Did the lawyer help the secretary ?	no
The judge hoped that the student encouraged the athletes .	Did the student encourage the athletes ?	no
The athlete hoped that the scientists mentioned the professor .	Did the scientists mention the professor ?	no
The judge said that the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	no
The presidents hoped that the actor arrived .	Did the actor arrive ?	no
The tourist hoped that the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	no
The doctor thought that the students performed .	Did the students perform ?	no
The secretary assumed that the doctor saw the athletes .	Did the doctor see the athletes ?	no
The secretaries thought that the bankers stopped the senator .	Did the bankers stop the senator ?	no
The scientist said that the athletes encouraged the president .	Did the athletes encourage the president ?	no
The judge said that the student admired the professors .	Did the student admire the professors ?	no
The athlete claimed that the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	no
The senators assumed that the professors recognized the bankers .	Did the professors recognize the bankers ?	no
The athletes said that the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	no
The manager believed that the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	no
The artist assumed that the athletes resigned .	Did the athletes resign ?	no
The managers said that the judges mentioned the presidents .	Did the judges mention the presidents ?	no
The president thought that the lawyer contacted the judge .	Did the lawyer contact the judge ?	no
The tourist assumed that the scientists shouted .	Did the scientists shout ?	no
The managers assumed that the tourist thanked the artists .	Did the tourist thank the artists ?	no
The athlete believed that the doctor resigned .	Did the doctor resign ?	no
The judges hoped that the athletes helped the scientist .	Did the athletes help the scientist ?	no
The actors believed that the scientists contacted the presidents .	Did the scientists contact the presidents ?	no
The senator thought that the presidents recommended the secretary .	Did the presidents recommend the secretary ?	no
The athlete assumed that the artists called the tourists .	Did the artists call the tourists ?	no
The judge said that the lawyer saw the president .	Did the lawyer see the president ?	no
The doctors claimed that the students shouted .	Did the students shout ?	no
The actors thought that the athletes admired the lawyers .	Did the athletes admire the lawyers ?	no
The actors hoped that the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
The managers said that the tourist admired the actor .	Did the tourist admire the actor ?	no
The doctor hoped that the senators recognized the professors .	Did the senators recognize the professors ?	no
The artist claimed that the author stopped the managers .	Did the author stop the managers ?	no
The actor claimed that the bankers arrived .	Did the bankers arrive ?	no
The senator claimed that the managers supported the author .	Did the managers support the author ?	no
The author assumed that the president avoided the lawyer .	Did the president avoid the lawyer ?	no
The tourists hoped that the bankers advised the presidents .	Did the bankers advise the presidents ?	no
The professors believed that the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	no
The presidents hoped that the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	no
The actor claimed that the author called the secretaries .	Did the author call the secretaries ?	no
The student believed that the author danced .	Did the author dance ?	no
The students hoped that the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	no
The student believed that the scientist helped the doctors .	Did the scientist help the doctors ?	no
The authors claimed that the doctor called the judge .	Did the doctor call the judge ?	no
The managers said that the artists avoided the secretary .	Did the artists avoid the secretary ?	no
The scientists believed that the doctor ran .	Did the doctor run ?	no
The judges hoped that the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	no
The professors thought that the senators slept .	Did the senators sleep ?	no
The presidents assumed that the scientists arrived .	Did the scientists arrive ?	no
The students thought that the author encouraged the artist .	Did the author encourage the artist ?	no
The students assumed that the managers encouraged the banker .	Did the managers encourage the banker ?	no
The doctors believed that the manager danced .	Did the manager dance ?	no
The lawyers said that the scientist waited .	Did the scientist wait ?	no
The athletes assumed that the lawyers saw the senators .	Did the lawyers see the senators ?	no
The manager assumed that the judge stopped the artist .	Did the judge stop the artist ?	no
The presidents thought that the professor resigned .	Did the professor resign ?	no
The managers believed that the scientist slept .	Did the scientist sleep ?	no
The lawyer said that the actor admired the scientists .	Did the actor admire the scientists ?	no
The secretaries hoped that the doctors arrived .	Did the doctors arrive ?	no
The authors thought that the judges called the managers .	Did the judges call the managers ?	no
The secretaries thought that the manager shouted .	Did the manager shout ?	no
The doctors assumed that the president performed .	Did the president perform ?	no
The judge thought that the artists saw the doctors .	Did the artists see the doctors ?	no
The manager hoped that the lawyers stopped the athlete .	Did the lawyers stop the athlete ?	no
The artists said that the judges admired the athletes .	Did the judges admire the athletes ?	no
The author assumed that the managers called the lawyers .	Did the managers call the lawyers ?	no
The presidents believed that the scientist encouraged the bankers .	Did the scientist encourage the bankers ?	no
The secretaries believed that the scientists helped the authors .	Did the scientists help the authors ?	no
The lawyer said that the students encouraged the tourists .	Did the students encourage the tourists ?	no
The doctor believed that the artist thanked the secretary .	Did the artist thank the secretary ?	no
The professor believed that the scientists thanked the student .	Did the scientists thank the student ?	no
The lawyer hoped that the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	no
The secretary said that the student recognized the bankers .	Did the student recognize the bankers ?	no
The managers believed that the presidents ran .	Did the presidents run ?	no
The athlete thought that the managers stopped the tourists .	Did the managers stop the tourists ?	no
The doctor claimed that the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	no
The managers claimed that the judge admired the student .	Did the judge admire the student ?	no
The professors said that the judges helped the doctors .	Did the judges help the doctors ?	no
The managers claimed that the senator contacted the doctors .	Did the senator contact the doctors ?	no
The judges said that the students avoided the actors .	Did the students avoid the actors ?	no
The doctors said that the artists stopped the professors .	Did the artists stop the professors ?	no
The students thought that the tourists avoided the actor .	Did the tourists avoid the actor ?	no
The senator hoped that the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	no
The manager thought that the professor avoided the tourists .	Did the professor avoid the tourists ?	no
The secretary believed that the scientists slept .	Did the scientists sleep ?	no
The professors assumed that the athletes advised the president .	Did the athletes advise the president ?	no
The secretary thought that the author arrived .	Did the author arrive ?	no
The professor thought that the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	no
The scientist assumed that the artists thanked the professor .	Did the artists thank the professor ?	no
The president thought that the authors stopped the banker .	Did the authors stop the banker ?	no
The scientists assumed that the athletes believed the managers .	Did the athletes believe the managers ?	no
The manager assumed that the secretaries danced .	Did the secretaries dance ?	no
The artists hoped that the authors recommended the doctors .	Did the authors recommend the doctors ?	no
The senator said that the professor advised the bankers .	Did the professor advise the bankers ?	no
The judge hoped that the artist resigned .	Did the artist resign ?	no
The actors assumed that the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	no
The actors thought that the author arrived .	Did the author arrive ?	no
The authors said that the secretaries introduced the bankers .	Did the secretaries introduce the bankers ?	no
The judge hoped that the bankers ran .	Did the bankers run ?	no
The authors assumed that the president mentioned the artist .	Did the president mention the artist ?	no
The professor thought that the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	no
The students thought that the authors recommended the lawyers .	Did the authors recommend the lawyers ?	no
The secretaries assumed that the lawyer helped the students .	Did the lawyer help the students ?	no
The athlete said that the artists called the professors .	Did the artists call the professors ?	no
The managers hoped that the authors helped the presidents .	Did the authors help the presidents ?	no
The senator assumed that the manager mentioned the artists .	Did the manager mention the artists ?	no
The scientist said that the doctors slept .	Did the doctors sleep ?	no
The president assumed that the artists contacted the doctor .	Did the artists contact the doctor ?	no
The senator claimed that the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	no
The doctors said that the authors mentioned the lawyers .	Did the authors mention the lawyers ?	no
The author thought that the president danced .	Did the president dance ?	no
The authors hoped that the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	no
The secretary hoped that the student resigned .	Did the student resign ?	no
The secretary hoped that the senator arrived .	Did the senator arrive ?	no
The artist thought that the authors danced .	Did the authors dance ?	no
The students thought that the banker contacted the professors .	Did the banker contact the professors ?	no
The author hoped that the scientists contacted the artists .	Did the scientists contact the artists ?	no
The bankers assumed that the managers supported the actors .	Did the managers support the actors ?	no
The scientist hoped that the tourists slept .	Did the tourists sleep ?	no
The athletes hoped that the managers thanked the doctors .	Did the managers thank the doctors ?	no
The lawyers assumed that the managers believed the scientists .	Did the managers believe the scientists ?	no
The bankers assumed that the artists saw the secretary .	Did the artists see the secretary ?	no
The professors thought that the athletes recognized the doctors .	Did the athletes recognize the doctors ?	no
The secretary believed that the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	no
The manager believed that the judge advised the banker .	Did the judge advise the banker ?	no
The tourist thought that the banker supported the artists .	Did the banker support the artists ?	no
The senators said that the managers recognized the secretary .	Did the managers recognize the secretary ?	no
The judges assumed that the student arrived .	Did the student arrive ?	no
The artist thought that the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	no
The professors assumed that the bankers admired the tourists .	Did the bankers admire the tourists ?	no
The judges claimed that the athletes called the artist .	Did the athletes call the artist ?	no
The actor believed that the doctor introduced the presidents .	Did the doctor introduce the presidents ?	no
The judges said that the actors thanked the doctor .	Did the actors thank the doctor ?	no
The managers believed that the professors resigned .	Did the professors resign ?	no
The lawyers said that the senators recommended the actor .	Did the senators recommend the actor ?	no
The banker said that the judge called the student .	Did the judge call the student ?	no
The doctors hoped that the athlete waited .	Did the athlete wait ?	no
The senators assumed that the author helped the student .	Did the author help the student ?	no
The tourist assumed that the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	no
The judges said that the doctor supported the actors .	Did the doctor support the actors ?	no
The secretary claimed that the authors admired the doctor .	Did the authors admire the doctor ?	no
The students thought that the professors contacted the lawyer .	Did the professors contact the lawyer ?	no
The banker believed that the professors arrived .	Did the professors arrive ?	no
The student hoped that the judges saw the presidents .	Did the judges see the presidents ?	no
The scientist hoped that the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	no
The presidents claimed that the students helped the doctors .	Did the students help the doctors ?	no
The artists claimed that the manager helped the secretary .	Did the manager help the secretary ?	no
The lawyers thought that the banker arrived .	Did the banker arrive ?	no
The doctors said that the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	no
The athlete assumed that the judges mentioned the actor .	Did the judges mention the actor ?	no
The scientists claimed that the actor resigned .	Did the actor resign ?	no
The professors claimed that the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	no
The banker assumed that the professor waited .	Did the professor wait ?	no
The actor claimed that the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	no
The banker hoped that the tourist stopped the president .	Did the tourist stop the president ?	no
The scientists thought that the secretaries called the senators .	Did the secretaries call the senators ?	no
The student assumed that the actor waited .	Did the actor wait ?	no
The professors hoped that the scientist performed .	Did the scientist perform ?	no
The doctor claimed that the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	no
The doctor believed that the judges arrived .	Did the judges arrive ?	no
The professor said that the lawyer thanked the authors .	Did the lawyer thank the authors ?	no
The presidents believed that the judge saw the professor .	Did the judge see the professor ?	no
The actor hoped that the scientist resigned .	Did the scientist resign ?	no
The secretaries claimed that the judge supported the professor .	Did the judge support the professor ?	no
The professor assumed that the tourists introduced the artist .	Did the tourists introduce the artist ?	no
The senators assumed that the presidents stopped the athlete .	Did the presidents stop the athlete ?	no
The bankers said that the president recognized the lawyers .	Did the president recognize the lawyers ?	no
The tourist thought that the artists recommended the managers .	Did the artists recommend the managers ?	no
The tourists assumed that the secretary avoided the bankers .	Did the secretary avoid the bankers ?	no
The artist assumed that the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	no
The professors thought that the authors arrived .	Did the authors arrive ?	no
The doctor said that the banker danced .	Did the banker dance ?	no
The judge claimed that the tourists ran .	Did the tourists run ?	no
The artists claimed that the tourists avoided the professors .	Did the tourists avoid the professors ?	no
The senators hoped that the tourists ran .	Did the tourists run ?	no
The scientist claimed that the presidents admired the lawyers .	Did the presidents admire the lawyers ?	no
The president said that the manager avoided the banker .	Did the manager avoid the banker ?	no
The senators hoped that the lawyers believed the managers .	Did the lawyers believe the managers ?	no
The bankers said that the presidents shouted .	Did the presidents shout ?	no
The presidents hoped that the bankers admired the judge .	Did the bankers admire the judge ?	no
The presidents hoped that the doctors performed .	Did the doctors perform ?	no
The senators claimed that the artists introduced the actors .	Did the artists introduce the actors ?	no
The scientist thought that the actors ran .	Did the actors run ?	no
The manager assumed that the actor believed the doctors .	Did the actor believe the doctors ?	no
The athlete said that the tourist called the bankers .	Did the tourist call the bankers ?	no
The manager believed that the doctor supported the athletes .	Did the doctor support the athletes ?	no
The secretaries claimed that the doctors arrived .	Did the doctors arrive ?	no
The tourist claimed that the presidents recommended the managers .	Did the presidents recommend the managers ?	no
The bankers thought that the scientist supported the secretary .	Did the scientist support the secretary ?	no
The athletes thought that the senator avoided the actor .	Did the senator avoid the actor ?	no
The artists thought that the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	no
The president said that the students resigned .	Did the students resign ?	no
The actors assumed that the lawyer recognized the presidents .	Did the lawyer recognize the presidents ?	no
The artists claimed that the tourist avoided the students .	Did the tourist avoid the students ?	no
The secretaries said that the banker supported the senator .	Did the banker support the senator ?	no
The manager claimed that the doctor admired the senator .	Did the doctor admire the senator ?	no
The lawyer claimed that the scientist helped the tourists .	Did the scientist help the tourists ?	no
The secretaries thought that the doctor stopped the athletes .	Did the doctor stop the athletes ?	no
The tourist believed that the president ran .	Did the president run ?	no
The author believed that the president encouraged the student .	Did the president encourage the student ?	no
The tourist claimed that the professors recognized the authors .	Did the professors recognize the authors ?	no
The senators said that the artists stopped the lawyers .	Did the artists stop the lawyers ?	no
The senator said that the artist advised the lawyers .	Did the artist advise the lawyers ?	no
The manager hoped that the lawyer advised the secretary .	Did the lawyer advise the secretary ?	no
The banker assumed that the students performed .	Did the students perform ?	no
The bankers believed that the secretary encouraged the artists .	Did the secretary encourage the artists ?	no
The actor believed that the lawyers contacted the professor .	Did the lawyers contact the professor ?	no
The athletes said that the president avoided the professor .	Did the president avoid the professor ?	no
The students believed that the doctor avoided the secretary .	Did the doctor avoid the secretary ?	no
The lawyer claimed that the scientist arrived .	Did the scientist arrive ?	no
The scientist claimed that the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
The scientists hoped that the senators helped the actors .	Did the senators help the actors ?	no
The students said that the lawyers advised the author .	Did the lawyers advise the author ?	no
The students claimed that the scientist saw the doctors .	Did the scientist see the doctors ?	no
The lawyers hoped that the scientists thanked the senator .	Did the scientists thank the senator ?	no
The managers assumed that the students resigned .	Did the students resign ?	no
The senators claimed that the artists stopped the athlete .	Did the artists stop the athlete ?	no
The judge said that the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	no
The tourist said that the athlete recognized the secretaries .	Did the athlete recognize the secretaries ?	no
The scientists claimed that the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	no
The artists thought that the president recommended the tourists .	Did the president recommend the tourists ?	no
The author said that the artist recognized the actors .	Did the artist recognize the actors ?	no
The tourists said that the lawyers mentioned the athlete .	Did the lawyers mention the athlete ?	no
The bankers hoped that the doctors advised the judge .	Did the doctors advise the judge ?	no
The tourists believed that the authors performed .	Did the authors perform ?	no
The presidents assumed that the tourist supported the athletes .	Did the tourist support the athletes ?	no
The scientist said that the professor danced .	Did the professor dance ?	no
The lawyers said that the banker called the artists .	Did the banker call the artists ?	no
The secretaries assumed that the judges introduced the managers .	Did the judges introduce the managers ?	no
The tourist thought that the athlete slept .	Did the athlete sleep ?	no
The scientists assumed that the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	no
The bankers assumed that the artist arrived .	Did the artist arrive ?	no
The secretaries said that the doctor recognized the scientists .	Did the doctor recognize the scientists ?	no
The artist believed that the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	no
The secretary hoped that the artists believed the actors .	Did the artists believe the actors ?	no
The author said that the secretaries saw the bankers .	Did the secretaries see the bankers ?	no
The artist believed that the lawyer slept .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	no
The presidents claimed that the scientists advised the bankers .	Did the scientists advise the bankers ?	no
The actor thought that the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	no
The scientist assumed that the manager stopped the doctors .	Did the manager stop the doctors ?	no
The secretary claimed that the presidents encouraged the athlete .	Did the presidents encourage the athlete ?	no
The president claimed that the artists contacted the lawyers .	Did the artists contact the lawyers ?	no
The author believed that the lawyer helped the tourists .	Did the lawyer help the tourists ?	no
The managers said that the athletes saw the authors .	Did the athletes see the authors ?	no
The artist believed that the judges advised the lawyers .	Did the judges advise the lawyers ?	no
The presidents thought that the professors resigned .	Did the professors resign ?	no
The students assumed that the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	no
The student hoped that the secretary admired the judges .	Did the secretary admire the judges ?	no
The professor claimed that the managers thanked the athletes .	Did the managers thank the athletes ?	no
The senator said that the actors thanked the authors .	Did the actors thank the authors ?	no
The bankers thought that the senator introduced the president .	Did the senator introduce the president ?	no
The president said that the senators resigned .	Did the senators resign ?	no
The actor assumed that the student encouraged the bankers .	Did the student encourage the bankers ?	no
The scientist claimed that the tourist avoided the lawyers .	Did the tourist avoid the lawyers ?	no
The athletes believed that the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	no
The tourists assumed that the presidents slept .	Did the presidents sleep ?	no
The athlete claimed that the scientists shouted .	Did the scientists shout ?	no
The student believed that the athletes danced .	Did the athletes dance ?	no
The secretary believed that the tourist recognized the professor .	Did the tourist recognize the professor ?	no
The professors assumed that the students encouraged the actors .	Did the students encourage the actors ?	no
The banker assumed that the manager mentioned the tourists .	Did the manager mention the tourists ?	no
The manager hoped that the actors saw the professors .	Did the actors see the professors ?	no
The student hoped that the managers avoided the secretaries .	Did the managers avoid the secretaries ?	no
The scientists assumed that the presidents ran .	Did the presidents run ?	no
The authors hoped that the athlete contacted the president .	Did the athlete contact the president ?	no
The presidents believed that the secretaries stopped the authors .	Did the secretaries stop the authors ?	no
The scientist assumed that the artists supported the actors .	Did the artists support the actors ?	no
The professors assumed that the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	no
The presidents believed that the manager advised the lawyers .	Did the manager advise the lawyers ?	no
The judges thought that the athletes advised the students .	Did the athletes advise the students ?	no
The senators thought that the athlete supported the manager .	Did the athlete support the manager ?	no
The scientists believed that the bankers saw the doctors .	Did the bankers see the doctors ?	no
The student said that the actor recommended the athlete .	Did the actor recommend the athlete ?	no
The managers believed that the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	no
The scientists assumed that the bankers believed the senator .	Did the bankers believe the senator ?	no
The managers claimed that the scientists mentioned the lawyers .	Did the scientists mention the lawyers ?	no
The judges thought that the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	no
The athlete said that the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	no
The scientist said that the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	no
The tourists said that the actor believed the judge .	Did the actor believe the judge ?	no
The professor thought that the lawyers stopped the secretary .	Did the lawyers stop the secretary ?	no
The athletes claimed that the tourist danced .	Did the tourist dance ?	no
The professor claimed that the scientist waited .	Did the scientist wait ?	no
The judges assumed that the bankers introduced the senator .	Did the bankers introduce the senator ?	no
The scientists believed that the senators performed .	Did the senators perform ?	no
The artist hoped that the managers introduced the authors .	Did the managers introduce the authors ?	no
The authors thought that the lawyer introduced the managers .	Did the lawyer introduce the managers ?	no
The tourist said that the professor danced .	Did the professor dance ?	no
The banker believed that the artists slept .	Did the artists sleep ?	no
The author claimed that the actors saw the presidents .	Did the actors see the presidents ?	no
The author assumed that the bankers performed .	Did the bankers perform ?	no
The judges said that the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	no
The lawyers hoped that the managers stopped the bankers .	Did the managers stop the bankers ?	no
The tourist thought that the authors advised the doctors .	Did the authors advise the doctors ?	no
The actor believed that the professor admired the doctors .	Did the professor admire the doctors ?	no
The presidents hoped that the athlete contacted the lawyer .	Did the athlete contact the lawyer ?	no
The managers hoped that the doctor avoided the senators .	Did the doctor avoid the senators ?	no
The doctors said that the secretary encouraged the tourist .	Did the secretary encourage the tourist ?	no
The artists said that the secretary contacted the doctor .	Did the secretary contact the doctor ?	no
The scientist assumed that the judges encouraged the doctor .	Did the judges encourage the doctor ?	no
The manager believed that the presidents saw the senators .	Did the presidents see the senators ?	no
The scientists said that the actor called the author .	Did the actor call the author ?	no
The tourists assumed that the presidents mentioned the bankers .	Did the presidents mention the bankers ?	no
The president hoped that the student saw the senator .	Did the student see the senator ?	no
The author assumed that the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	no
The secretary thought that the actor thanked the banker .	Did the actor thank the banker ?	no
The athlete believed that the banker arrived .	Did the banker arrive ?	no
The author hoped that the athlete thanked the banker .	Did the athlete thank the banker ?	no
The bankers said that the student stopped the presidents .	Did the student stop the presidents ?	no
The artists hoped that the bankers avoided the senator .	Did the bankers avoid the senator ?	no
The athletes hoped that the judge avoided the student .	Did the judge avoid the student ?	no
The secretaries assumed that the scientists admired the managers .	Did the scientists admire the managers ?	no
The students hoped that the athletes stopped the president .	Did the athletes stop the president ?	no
The tourists believed that the presidents mentioned the secretaries .	Did the presidents mention the secretaries ?	no
The bankers claimed that the author contacted the tourist .	Did the author contact the tourist ?	no
The scientist said that the actors waited .	Did the actors wait ?	no
The lawyer assumed that the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	no
The manager said that the author thanked the scientists .	Did the author thank the scientists ?	no
The lawyers said that the tourists slept .	Did the tourists sleep ?	no
The judge hoped that the student recommended the senator .	Did the student recommend the senator ?	no
The bankers assumed that the presidents admired the judges .	Did the presidents admire the judges ?	no
The president said that the doctors introduced the actors .	Did the doctors introduce the actors ?	no
The senator claimed that the tourists slept .	Did the tourists sleep ?	no
The scientist thought that the professors saw the actors .	Did the professors see the actors ?	no
The lawyer hoped that the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	no
The student thought that the tourists shouted .	Did the tourists shout ?	no
The president thought that the scientist recognized the author .	Did the scientist recognize the author ?	no
The artist hoped that the judges performed .	Did the judges perform ?	no
The president said that the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	no
The judges claimed that the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	no
The author assumed that the artists saw the actors .	Did the artists see the actors ?	no
The actors said that the professors encouraged the scientist .	Did the professors encourage the scientist ?	no
The professors believed that the secretary helped the doctors .	Did the secretary help the doctors ?	no
The lawyer assumed that the artists stopped the author .	Did the artists stop the author ?	no
The scientists claimed that the artists saw the senator .	Did the artists see the senator ?	no
The scientists thought that the doctors supported the athletes .	Did the doctors support the athletes ?	no
The senators assumed that the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	no
The manager hoped that the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	no
The tourists said that the doctors admired the bankers .	Did the doctors admire the bankers ?	no
The professor said that the judges helped the authors .	Did the judges help the authors ?	no
The athlete hoped that the judge believed the banker .	Did the judge believe the banker ?	no
The authors said that the secretaries contacted the scientist .	Did the secretaries contact the scientist ?	no
The managers believed that the tourists encouraged the senator .	Did the tourists encourage the senator ?	no
The actors hoped that the president saw the author .	Did the president see the author ?	no
The judge claimed that the presidents resigned .	Did the presidents resign ?	no
The senator claimed that the lawyer avoided the managers .	Did the lawyer avoid the managers ?	no
The secretaries hoped that the artists performed .	Did the artists perform ?	no
The doctor thought that the authors helped the professor .	Did the authors help the professor ?	no
The students believed that the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	no
The scientists assumed that the actor avoided the judges .	Did the actor avoid the judges ?	no
The president thought that the lawyer mentioned the doctor .	Did the lawyer mention the doctor ?	no
The doctors said that the tourists mentioned the lawyer .	Did the tourists mention the lawyer ?	no
The lawyers believed that the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	no
The professor believed that the tourist danced .	Did the tourist dance ?	no
The tourist hoped that the artists introduced the athletes .	Did the artists introduce the athletes ?	no
The doctors said that the student mentioned the athletes .	Did the student mention the athletes ?	no
The doctor believed that the professors encouraged the manager .	Did the professors encourage the manager ?	no
The doctors assumed that the judges avoided the senator .	Did the judges avoid the senator ?	no
The judges believed that the scientists saw the senator .	Did the scientists see the senator ?	no
The tourists claimed that the manager called the bankers .	Did the manager call the bankers ?	no
The athletes said that the author recommended the professors .	Did the author recommend the professors ?	no
The presidents claimed that the students believed the bankers .	Did the students believe the bankers ?	no
The judge claimed that the actors slept .	Did the actors sleep ?	no
The athlete claimed that the artists helped the senators .	Did the artists help the senators ?	no
The artist said that the athletes saw the president .	Did the athletes see the president ?	no
The doctors said that the scientist admired the student .	Did the scientist admire the student ?	no
The bankers claimed that the judge stopped the authors .	Did the judge stop the authors ?	no
The author hoped that the judge helped the president .	Did the judge help the president ?	no
The managers thought that the professors arrived .	Did the professors arrive ?	no
The tourist thought that the bankers danced .	Did the bankers dance ?	no
The secretaries hoped that the actors encouraged the banker .	Did the actors encourage the banker ?	no
The athlete claimed that the scientist supported the banker .	Did the scientist support the banker ?	no
The author believed that the doctor recognized the senators .	Did the doctor recognize the senators ?	no
The senator claimed that the athlete shouted .	Did the athlete shout ?	no
The tourist hoped that the secretary waited .	Did the secretary wait ?	no
The managers claimed that the actors called the lawyer .	Did the actors call the lawyer ?	no
The professors assumed that the tourist recommended the bankers .	Did the tourist recommend the bankers ?	no
The student hoped that the senator stopped the judge .	Did the senator stop the judge ?	no
The scientist thought that the banker danced .	Did the banker dance ?	no
The student believed that the manager supported the athletes .	Did the manager support the athletes ?	no
The lawyers thought that the president advised the authors .	Did the president advise the authors ?	no
The author claimed that the professors shouted .	Did the professors shout ?	no
The president said that the secretaries waited .	Did the secretaries wait ?	no
The scientists claimed that the professors slept .	Did the professors sleep ?	no
The secretary believed that the judge stopped the athletes .	Did the judge stop the athletes ?	no
The actors assumed that the students recommended the banker .	Did the students recommend the banker ?	no
The senator hoped that the authors arrived .	Did the authors arrive ?	no
The athlete hoped that the scientists encouraged the tourists .	Did the scientists encourage the tourists ?	no
The judges believed that the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	no
The author said that the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	no
The artist claimed that the tourists saw the judge .	Did the tourists see the judge ?	no
The secretaries claimed that the judge recommended the professor .	Did the judge recommend the professor ?	no
The athlete claimed that the banker stopped the judges .	Did the banker stop the judges ?	no
The judges said that the tourists thanked the bankers .	Did the tourists thank the bankers ?	no
The artist thought that the banker contacted the secretary .	Did the banker contact the secretary ?	no
The senator thought that the doctor thanked the author .	Did the doctor thank the author ?	no
The senator said that the lawyers resigned .	Did the lawyers resign ?	no
The actors believed that the president resigned .	Did the president resign ?	no
The judges said that the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	no
The author believed that the artists slept .	Did the artists sleep ?	no
The artist assumed that the judges supported the doctors .	Did the judges support the doctors ?	no
The author said that the doctors believed the scientists .	Did the doctors believe the scientists ?	no
The lawyers believed that the scientist called the artist .	Did the scientist call the artist ?	no
The professors hoped that the tourists called the bankers .	Did the tourists call the bankers ?	no
The artists thought that the secretaries called the lawyer .	Did the secretaries call the lawyer ?	no
The authors believed that the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	no
The professors thought that the judge performed .	Did the judge perform ?	no
The senator claimed that the students thanked the banker .	Did the students thank the banker ?	no
The scientists claimed that the professor recognized the students .	Did the professor recognize the students ?	no
The senators claimed that the doctors mentioned the judges .	Did the doctors mention the judges ?	no
The doctor said that the actors saw the bankers .	Did the actors see the bankers ?	no
The judge thought that the athletes arrived .	Did the athletes arrive ?	no
The student claimed that the tourists helped the senators .	Did the tourists help the senators ?	no
The athletes hoped that the artists arrived .	Did the artists arrive ?	no
The judges hoped that the secretaries waited .	Did the secretaries wait ?	no
The banker assumed that the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	no
The doctors said that the managers recommended the actors .	Did the managers recommend the actors ?	no
The doctors thought that the judges called the scientist .	Did the judges call the scientist ?	no
The scientists said that the judge resigned .	Did the judge resign ?	no
The president assumed that the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	no
The presidents believed that the author advised the manager .	Did the author advise the manager ?	no
The authors believed that the banker encouraged the scientist .	Did the banker encourage the scientist ?	no
The doctor assumed that the students recognized the president .	Did the students recognize the president ?	no
The tourist said that the students ran .	Did the students run ?	no
The scientist hoped that the banker supported the professors .	Did the banker support the professors ?	no
The scientists hoped that the artists stopped the secretaries .	Did the artists stop the secretaries ?	no
The scientist claimed that the president thanked the senators .	Did the president thank the senators ?	no
The actors said that the students supported the judge .	Did the students support the judge ?	no
The banker hoped that the presidents slept .	Did the presidents sleep ?	no
The managers claimed that the senator performed .	Did the senator perform ?	no
The judges thought that the tourist arrived .	Did the tourist arrive ?	no
The athletes said that the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	no
The doctors hoped that the bankers admired the judge .	Did the bankers admire the judge ?	no
The presidents hoped that the authors contacted the judges .	Did the authors contact the judges ?	no
The tourists thought that the bankers arrived .	Did the bankers arrive ?	no
The senator assumed that the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	no
The judges claimed that the artists contacted the secretaries .	Did the artists contact the secretaries ?	no
The student believed that the scientists supported the actors .	Did the scientists support the actors ?	no
The banker claimed that the tourists introduced the manager .	Did the tourists introduce the manager ?	no
The banker hoped that the tourists recommended the judge .	Did the tourists recommend the judge ?	no
The student believed that the secretary waited .	Did the secretary wait ?	no
The student believed that the artists ran .	Did the artists run ?	no
The tourists hoped that the presidents stopped the students .	Did the presidents stop the students ?	no
The scientist thought that the tourist thanked the author .	Did the tourist thank the author ?	no
The actor said that the athletes arrived .	Did the athletes arrive ?	no
The actor believed that the artist supported the lawyer .	Did the artist support the lawyer ?	no
The authors hoped that the artist introduced the actors .	Did the artist introduce the actors ?	no
The judges believed that the lawyers ran .	Did the lawyers run ?	no
The author thought that the students slept .	Did the students sleep ?	no
The student thought that the managers waited .	Did the managers wait ?	no
The managers believed that the students saw the tourists .	Did the students see the tourists ?	no
The professor claimed that the tourist introduced the judge .	Did the tourist introduce the judge ?	no
The judges thought that the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	no
The author hoped that the student admired the tourist .	Did the student admire the tourist ?	no
The athletes claimed that the bankers believed the student .	Did the bankers believe the student ?	no
The secretary thought that the artists called the authors .	Did the artists call the authors ?	no
The student believed that the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	no
The judge assumed that the manager encouraged the tourists .	Did the manager encourage the tourists ?	no
The athlete said that the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	no
The tourists believed that the professors resigned .	Did the professors resign ?	no
The president assumed that the lawyers believed the athlete .	Did the lawyers believe the athlete ?	no
The artist thought that the managers saw the lawyers .	Did the managers see the lawyers ?	no
The actors hoped that the scientists waited .	Did the scientists wait ?	no
The professor thought that the secretary encouraged the tourist .	Did the secretary encourage the tourist ?	no
The artists believed that the scientists admired the athlete .	Did the scientists admire the athlete ?	no
The banker believed that the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	no
The manager believed that the secretaries helped the professor .	Did the secretaries help the professor ?	no
The tourist assumed that the students believed the presidents .	Did the students believe the presidents ?	no
The banker thought that the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	no
The secretaries assumed that the tourists saw the presidents .	Did the tourists see the presidents ?	no
The senator claimed that the athlete recommended the judges .	Did the athlete recommend the judges ?	no
The doctors claimed that the senator shouted .	Did the senator shout ?	no
The banker said that the scientist helped the lawyer .	Did the scientist help the lawyer ?	no
The athletes assumed that the secretaries avoided the scientist .	Did the secretaries avoid the scientist ?	no
The lawyer hoped that the manager called the banker .	Did the manager call the banker ?	no
The banker said that the doctors stopped the senator .	Did the doctors stop the senator ?	no
The students said that the lawyers slept .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	no
The judges assumed that the lawyer supported the bankers .	Did the lawyer support the bankers ?	no
The authors hoped that the lawyer believed the students .	Did the lawyer believe the students ?	no
The president hoped that the secretary recognized the judge .	Did the secretary recognize the judge ?	no
The judges hoped that the senators stopped the actor .	Did the senators stop the actor ?	no
The secretary hoped that the scientists slept .	Did the scientists sleep ?	no
The tourist said that the students advised the lawyers .	Did the students advise the lawyers ?	no
The president thought that the scientists recommended the senator .	Did the scientists recommend the senator ?	no
The lawyer believed that the tourist contacted the scientists .	Did the tourist contact the scientists ?	no
The professors said that the lawyers waited .	Did the lawyers wait ?	no
The student thought that the senators believed the doctors .	Did the senators believe the doctors ?	no
The actor believed that the senator performed .	Did the senator perform ?	no
The judges said that the professors slept .	Did the professors sleep ?	no
The actor recommended the lawyers , or the managers stopped the author .	Did the actor recommend the lawyers ?	no
The student mentioned the artist , or the athletes helped the judges .	Did the athletes help the judges ?	no
The senator admired the authors , or the tourists avoided the student .	Did the tourists avoid the student ?	no
The tourists avoided the doctors , or the scientist resigned .	Did the tourists avoid the doctors ?	no
The judges resigned , or the student saw the tourist .	Did the judges resign ?	no
The bankers helped the president , or the athletes arrived .	Did the athletes arrive ?	no
The banker arrived , or the scientists mentioned the tourists .	Did the scientists mention the tourists ?	no
The doctors advised the senator , or the tourist arrived .	Did the doctors advise the senator ?	no
The scientist supported the secretaries , or the athletes recommended the professors .	Did the scientist support the secretaries ?	no
The judge believed the author , or the lawyer avoided the doctor .	Did the lawyer avoid the doctor ?	no
The judges resigned , or the athletes mentioned the author .	Did the judges resign ?	no
The student waited , or the doctors advised the actor .	Did the doctors advise the actor ?	no
The lawyers performed , or the actor resigned .	Did the lawyers perform ?	no
The professor waited , or the scientists contacted the bankers .	Did the professor wait ?	no
The banker saw the presidents , or the secretary arrived .	Did the banker see the presidents ?	no
The presidents shouted , or the scientist saw the doctor .	Did the scientist see the doctor ?	no
The student avoided the secretaries , or the judges admired the tourist .	Did the judges admire the tourist ?	no
The secretary performed , or the president arrived .	Did the secretary perform ?	no
The president avoided the managers , or the doctors believed the scientists .	Did the doctors believe the scientists ?	no
The scientist performed , or the tourists recognized the athlete .	Did the scientist perform ?	no
The doctors danced , or the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	no
The president called the actor , or the senators mentioned the athlete .	Did the president call the actor ?	no
The judge believed the banker , or the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	no
The athletes advised the lawyer , or the secretaries supported the president .	Did the athletes advise the lawyer ?	no
The author danced , or the secretary introduced the athlete .	Did the author dance ?	no
The secretaries advised the actors , or the athletes performed .	Did the secretaries advise the actors ?	no
The actor called the author , or the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	no
The managers resigned , or the artist introduced the author .	Did the artist introduce the author ?	no
The secretary slept , or the actors encouraged the manager .	Did the secretary sleep ?	no
The athlete helped the secretary , or the judge saw the presidents .	Did the athlete help the secretary ?	no
The presidents waited , or the actors recommended the judge .	Did the presidents wait ?	no
The artist introduced the professor , or the lawyers performed .	Did the artist introduce the professor ?	no
The secretaries encouraged the athletes , or the lawyers thanked the artists .	Did the secretaries encourage the athletes ?	no
The athletes resigned , or the scientist slept .	Did the scientist sleep ?	no
The lawyer recognized the managers , or the author admired the athletes .	Did the lawyer recognize the managers ?	no
The presidents supported the lawyer , or the scientist mentioned the doctors .	Did the scientist mention the doctors ?	no
The artists supported the actors , or the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	no
The actors shouted , or the presidents stopped the professor .	Did the presidents stop the professor ?	no
The artist stopped the scientists , or the professor contacted the doctor .	Did the professor contact the doctor ?	no
The professors performed , or the doctors resigned .	Did the professors perform ?	no
The scientists encouraged the athlete , or the senators resigned .	Did the scientists encourage the athlete ?	no
The professor contacted the judge , or the presidents performed .	Did the professor contact the judge ?	no
The scientist stopped the senator , or the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	no
The senator called the judge , or the artist saw the bankers .	Did the artist see the bankers ?	no
The presidents supported the doctor , or the lawyers helped the managers .	Did the lawyers help the managers ?	no
The athlete saw the secretaries , or the senators ran .	Did the athlete see the secretaries ?	no
The senator stopped the judges , or the student recommended the authors .	Did the senator stop the judges ?	no
The artist resigned , or the doctor recognized the scientists .	Did the artist resign ?	no
The judges avoided the senators , or the doctor danced .	Did the judges avoid the senators ?	no
The authors introduced the senator , or the secretary waited .	Did the authors introduce the senator ?	no
The athletes called the students , or the president mentioned the senators .	Did the president mention the senators ?	no
The judges ran , or the banker believed the authors .	Did the banker believe the authors ?	no
The professor saw the judges , or the doctor avoided the managers .	Did the doctor avoid the managers ?	no
The lawyers called the manager , or the bankers ran .	Did the lawyers call the manager ?	no
The student contacted the professors , or the athlete ran .	Did the athlete run ?	no
The authors performed , or the scientists resigned .	Did the scientists resign ?	no
The scientists resigned , or the manager thanked the student .	Did the scientists resign ?	no
The president helped the manager , or the tourist shouted .	Did the president help the manager ?	no
The secretaries stopped the judges , or the tourist contacted the author .	Did the secretaries stop the judges ?	no
The athletes stopped the senator , or the professors encouraged the tourists .	Did the professors encourage the tourists ?	no
The artists introduced the managers , or the banker saw the senators .	Did the banker see the senators ?	no
The presidents called the actor , or the scientists helped the artist .	Did the presidents call the actor ?	no
The students introduced the scientist , or the actors helped the athlete .	Did the students introduce the scientist ?	no
The scientists introduced the professors , or the actor slept .	Did the actor sleep ?	no
The senator saw the presidents , or the lawyers avoided the artist .	Did the lawyers avoid the artist ?	no
The student recommended the judges , or the actor saw the professor .	Did the actor see the professor ?	no
The athlete stopped the professors , or the author admired the judges .	Did the author admire the judges ?	no
The judge believed the artist , or the bankers arrived .	Did the bankers arrive ?	no
The athlete performed , or the scientists slept .	Did the scientists sleep ?	no
The presidents contacted the tourist , or the author called the doctors .	Did the author call the doctors ?	no
The president avoided the athlete , or the author saw the scientists .	Did the president avoid the athlete ?	no
The scientist arrived , or the judge believed the tourist .	Did the scientist arrive ?	no
The students recognized the professor , or the scientist admired the judges .	Did the scientist admire the judges ?	no
The student ran , or the tourist called the scientist .	Did the tourist call the scientist ?	no
The authors believed the actors , or the banker thanked the secretaries .	Did the authors believe the actors ?	no
The professor thanked the banker , or the author recognized the secretary .	Did the professor thank the banker ?	no
The student waited , or the managers admired the artists .	Did the student wait ?	no
The actors introduced the banker , or the secretaries encouraged the scientists .	Did the secretaries encourage the scientists ?	no
The students called the banker , or the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
The presidents avoided the judges , or the tourist shouted .	Did the tourist shout ?	no
The doctor admired the lawyers , or the artist introduced the manager .	Did the doctor admire the lawyers ?	no
The manager slept , or the senators called the lawyers .	Did the manager sleep ?	no
The actors waited , or the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	no
The student saw the authors , or the senator performed .	Did the student see the authors ?	no
The professor encouraged the senators , or the judge called the scientist .	Did the judge call the scientist ?	no
The presidents shouted , or the doctor slept .	Did the doctor sleep ?	no
The artist recognized the secretaries , or the scientists saw the author .	Did the artist recognize the secretaries ?	no
The scientist encouraged the presidents , or the professor performed .	Did the scientist encourage the presidents ?	no
The students resigned , or the tourists advised the author .	Did the students resign ?	no
The actor advised the athletes , or the authors slept .	Did the authors sleep ?	no
The lawyers introduced the managers , or the judge admired the artists .	Did the judge admire the artists ?	no
The student arrived , or the managers shouted .	Did the student arrive ?	no
The scientist performed , or the doctor saw the bankers .	Did the doctor see the bankers ?	no
The scientists supported the secretaries , or the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	no
The banker supported the manager , or the judges contacted the tourist .	Did the banker support the manager ?	no
The doctor believed the secretary , or the author contacted the lawyers .	Did the author contact the lawyers ?	no
The scientist shouted , or the doctor believed the athletes .	Did the doctor believe the athletes ?	no
The senator believed the tourists , or the secretaries mentioned the managers .	Did the secretaries mention the managers ?	no
The tourists introduced the artist , or the senators slept .	Did the tourists introduce the artist ?	no
The secretaries ran , or the athletes saw the author .	Did the athletes see the author ?	no
The senators waited , or the athletes recommended the scientist .	Did the senators wait ?	no
The tourists thanked the athletes , or the secretaries introduced the doctors .	Did the tourists thank the athletes ?	no
The professor admired the artist , or the athletes stopped the author .	Did the athletes stop the author ?	no
The secretary introduced the scientists , or the tourists saw the banker .	Did the tourists see the banker ?	no
The professors recommended the actor , or the banker helped the artist .	Did the banker help the artist ?	no
The student admired the lawyer , or the athletes shouted .	Did the student admire the lawyer ?	no
The professors waited , or the banker encouraged the scientists .	Did the professors wait ?	no
The athletes believed the lawyer , or the students recognized the artist .	Did the athletes believe the lawyer ?	no
The tourist danced , or the athletes waited .	Did the athletes wait ?	no
The athletes recognized the tourist , or the senator encouraged the bankers .	Did the senator encourage the bankers ?	no
The scientists believed the authors , or the managers advised the banker .	Did the managers advise the banker ?	no
The students recognized the actors , or the manager waited .	Did the students recognize the actors ?	no
The doctors saw the athletes , or the banker helped the author .	Did the banker help the author ?	no
The athlete contacted the professor , or the doctor recommended the secretaries .	Did the athlete contact the professor ?	no
The bankers recognized the student , or the secretary arrived .	Did the bankers recognize the student ?	no
The artist stopped the president , or the actor avoided the doctor .	Did the artist stop the president ?	no
The judge waited , or the tourist performed .	Did the judge wait ?	no
The senators performed , or the secretary slept .	Did the secretary sleep ?	no
The professors danced , or the senator called the athletes .	Did the senator call the athletes ?	no
The manager avoided the scientist , or the artist recommended the actor .	Did the manager avoid the scientist ?	no
The actor recommended the professors , or the authors saw the scientists .	Did the actor recommend the professors ?	no
The lawyer shouted , or the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	no
The president believed the senator , or the managers saw the secretaries .	Did the managers see the secretaries ?	no
The scientists contacted the lawyer , or the author arrived .	Did the scientists contact the lawyer ?	no
The professors avoided the bankers , or the senators recognized the lawyer .	Did the professors avoid the bankers ?	no
The judge danced , or the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	no
The scientist supported the president , or the judge admired the lawyer .	Did the judge admire the lawyer ?	no
The tourists avoided the doctor , or the judge introduced the manager .	Did the judge introduce the manager ?	no
The doctor encouraged the athletes , or the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	no
The artists admired the author , or the judge advised the secretaries .	Did the artists admire the author ?	no
The doctor introduced the manager , or the scientist advised the lawyer .	Did the scientist advise the lawyer ?	no
The authors performed , or the scientist recognized the bankers .	Did the authors perform ?	no
The judge admired the authors , or the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	no
The doctors supported the secretaries , or the judges danced .	Did the doctors support the secretaries ?	no
The actors thanked the scientist , or the professor contacted the student .	Did the actors thank the scientist ?	no
The scientists arrived , or the senator admired the secretary .	Did the scientists arrive ?	no
The doctors mentioned the professor , or the actor recognized the scientist .	Did the actor recognize the scientist ?	no
The senator encouraged the secretaries , or the athletes mentioned the lawyer .	Did the athletes mention the lawyer ?	no
The professor resigned , or the senators helped the bankers .	Did the professor resign ?	no
The banker stopped the senator , or the professors thanked the secretaries .	Did the banker stop the senator ?	no
The manager advised the tourists , or the professor waited .	Did the manager advise the tourists ?	no
The manager danced , or the scientist avoided the bankers .	Did the scientist avoid the bankers ?	no
The doctors saw the athletes , or the secretary encouraged the manager .	Did the secretary encourage the manager ?	no
The president supported the senators , or the scientist slept .	Did the president support the senators ?	no
The president waited , or the students shouted .	Did the students shout ?	no
The student mentioned the artists , or the presidents introduced the actors .	Did the student mention the artists ?	no
The president saw the professor , or the author ran .	Did the author run ?	no
The senator encouraged the judge , or the doctor ran .	Did the senator encourage the judge ?	no
The scientists believed the authors , or the senators advised the actor .	Did the senators advise the actor ?	no
The doctor thanked the banker , or the scientists contacted the author .	Did the scientists contact the author ?	no
The athletes believed the president , or the professor admired the senators .	Did the professor admire the senators ?	no
The artist recommended the presidents , or the scientist called the doctors .	Did the artist recommend the presidents ?	no
The professors slept , or the senator waited .	Did the senator wait ?	no
The tourist supported the bankers , or the manager waited .	Did the tourist support the bankers ?	no
The athlete called the lawyer , or the judge supported the secretary .	Did the judge support the secretary ?	no
The lawyer encouraged the presidents , or the students arrived .	Did the students arrive ?	no
The manager helped the artist , or the authors arrived .	Did the authors arrive ?	no
The doctors avoided the actors , or the secretary believed the scientists .	Did the secretary believe the scientists ?	no
The students advised the professor , or the secretaries waited .	Did the students advise the professor ?	no
The manager thanked the bankers , or the author ran .	Did the author run ?	no
The manager stopped the scientist , or the athlete thanked the tourists .	Did the manager stop the scientist ?	no
The athletes avoided the authors , or the senators encouraged the presidents .	Did the athletes avoid the authors ?	no
The student arrived , or the tourists stopped the presidents .	Did the student arrive ?	no
The actor danced , or the judge supported the managers .	Did the judge support the managers ?	no
The secretary saw the professor , or the tourist arrived .	Did the secretary see the professor ?	no
The senator resigned , or the lawyers saw the author .	Did the lawyers see the author ?	no
The scientists stopped the professors , or the student recommended the artists .	Did the scientists stop the professors ?	no
The tourists advised the professors , or the senator saw the authors .	Did the senator see the authors ?	no
The scientists danced , or the professors performed .	Did the scientists dance ?	no
The secretary helped the bankers , or the authors encouraged the actors .	Did the authors encourage the actors ?	no
The artists recognized the student , or the presidents mentioned the banker .	Did the presidents mention the banker ?	no
The athlete helped the doctors , or the banker performed .	Did the banker perform ?	no
The senators believed the actor , or the lawyers arrived .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	no
The lawyer recognized the doctors , or the secretary avoided the judges .	Did the lawyer recognize the doctors ?	no
The actor resigned , or the author supported the athletes .	Did the actor resign ?	no
The artists performed , or the lawyers recognized the banker .	Did the lawyers recognize the banker ?	no
The athletes slept , or the authors helped the secretaries .	Did the authors help the secretaries ?	no
The actors waited , or the judges shouted .	Did the actors wait ?	no
The scientists arrived , or the senators called the artist .	Did the senators call the artist ?	no
The president avoided the lawyers , or the tourists recommended the athletes .	Did the tourists recommend the athletes ?	no
The actor stopped the presidents , or the scientists mentioned the student .	Did the actor stop the presidents ?	no
The manager stopped the athlete , or the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	no
The scientist slept , or the lawyer thanked the professors .	Did the scientist sleep ?	no
The secretary thanked the professor , or the students avoided the judges .	Did the secretary thank the professor ?	no
The doctor waited , or the presidents called the judge .	Did the presidents call the judge ?	no
The scientists slept , or the student called the doctors .	Did the scientists sleep ?	no
The senator called the athlete , or the scientists saw the manager .	Did the senator call the athlete ?	no
The lawyers avoided the presidents , or the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	no
The doctor recommended the student , or the professors slept .	Did the doctor recommend the student ?	no
The president arrived , or the secretaries saw the athletes .	Did the president arrive ?	no
The professors saw the artist , or the doctor encouraged the presidents .	Did the doctor encourage the presidents ?	no
The actors mentioned the lawyer , or the tourist advised the secretary .	Did the actors mention the lawyer ?	no
The scientist recommended the athlete , or the artists supported the professor .	Did the scientist recommend the athlete ?	no
The scientists waited , or the bankers performed .	Did the bankers perform ?	no
The students advised the scientists , or the artists contacted the doctors .	Did the artists contact the doctors ?	no
The doctor ran , or the presidents called the professors .	Did the doctor run ?	no
The students advised the judge , or the professors called the senator .	Did the professors call the senator ?	no
The senator mentioned the student , or the manager danced .	Did the senator mention the student ?	no
The president danced , or the athlete shouted .	Did the president dance ?	no
The senator performed , or the banker admired the artists .	Did the senator perform ?	no
The lawyer contacted the actors , or the scientists stopped the banker .	Did the scientists stop the banker ?	no
The president mentioned the banker , or the doctors introduced the senators .	Did the doctors introduce the senators ?	no
The professor thanked the judges , or the actor ran .	Did the actor run ?	no
The scientist stopped the doctors , or the professor shouted .	Did the scientist stop the doctors ?	no
The scientists arrived , or the banker admired the artist .	Did the scientists arrive ?	no
The scientist admired the athletes , or the bankers saw the judges .	Did the bankers see the judges ?	no
The tourists supported the doctors , or the judges stopped the senators .	Did the judges stop the senators ?	no
The lawyers danced , or the doctor slept .	Did the doctor sleep ?	no
The athlete called the tourists , or the senators supported the lawyer .	Did the senators support the lawyer ?	no
The managers ran , or the student supported the lawyers .	Did the managers run ?	no
The scientists ran , or the students contacted the secretary .	Did the scientists run ?	no
The artist contacted the banker , or the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
The secretary waited , or the lawyer believed the student .	Did the lawyer believe the student ?	no
The lawyers encouraged the bankers , or the judges believed the doctor .	Did the lawyers encourage the bankers ?	no
The authors contacted the managers , or the tourist slept .	Did the tourist sleep ?	no
The doctor admired the judge , or the managers supported the athlete .	Did the doctor admire the judge ?	no
The athlete encouraged the professors , or the secretary arrived .	Did the secretary arrive ?	no
The presidents advised the tourist , or the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	no
The artists performed , or the students called the athlete .	Did the students call the athlete ?	no
The lawyers slept , or the doctors resigned .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	no
The student waited , or the judge encouraged the president .	Did the judge encourage the president ?	no
The students resigned , or the presidents danced .	Did the presidents dance ?	no
The presidents encouraged the lawyer , or the manager helped the authors .	Did the manager help the authors ?	no
The doctors mentioned the author , or the lawyers helped the secretaries .	Did the lawyers help the secretaries ?	no
The judges thanked the students , or the presidents contacted the doctors .	Did the presidents contact the doctors ?	no
The president performed , or the artists mentioned the athlete .	Did the artists mention the athlete ?	no
The lawyer slept , or the banker recognized the senator .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	no
The lawyers called the senators , or the scientists helped the professor .	Did the scientists help the professor ?	no
The doctors recommended the scientists , or the managers recognized the tourists .	Did the doctors recommend the scientists ?	no
The student helped the bankers , or the professor resigned .	Did the professor resign ?	no
The managers admired the athlete , or the judge arrived .	Did the managers admire the athlete ?	no
The judges danced , or the senators recommended the secretary .	Did the senators recommend the secretary ?	no
The actors stopped the bankers , or the athletes thanked the doctors .	Did the actors stop the bankers ?	no
The athlete slept , or the judges ran .	Did the judges run ?	no
The judge avoided the students , or the manager helped the authors .	Did the judge avoid the students ?	no
The judges believed the lawyer , or the doctors stopped the athlete .	Did the doctors stop the athlete ?	no
The lawyers believed the author , or the athlete supported the banker .	Did the lawyers believe the author ?	no
The lawyer recognized the senators , or the authors contacted the judges .	Did the authors contact the judges ?	no
The scientists supported the artist , or the students encouraged the lawyers .	Did the students encourage the lawyers ?	no
The professor thanked the tourist , or the judge stopped the author .	Did the judge stop the author ?	no
The judge performed , or the actor shouted .	Did the judge perform ?	no
The actor ran , or the artists resigned .	Did the actor run ?	no
The author shouted , or the athletes resigned .	Did the author shout ?	no
The actor recognized the professors , or the doctor introduced the secretary .	Did the actor recognize the professors ?	no
The athletes avoided the secretary , or the lawyers supported the doctors .	Did the lawyers support the doctors ?	no
The scientists introduced the judges , or the author stopped the artist .	Did the author stop the artist ?	no
The author mentioned the student , or the senator advised the actors .	Did the author mention the student ?	no
The president resigned , or the professor introduced the judge .	Did the professor introduce the judge ?	no
The athlete waited , or the presidents stopped the artists .	Did the athlete wait ?	no
The actors danced , or the authors contacted the presidents .	Did the authors contact the presidents ?	no
The authors waited , or the actor advised the artist .	Did the authors wait ?	no
The tourists resigned , or the athlete saw the students .	Did the athlete see the students ?	no
The lawyers advised the author , or the banker performed .	Did the lawyers advise the author ?	no
The senator believed the professors , or the secretaries danced .	Did the senator believe the professors ?	no
The doctors mentioned the actors , or the athletes advised the tourists .	Did the doctors mention the actors ?	no
The actors danced , or the presidents helped the manager .	Did the actors dance ?	no
The presidents danced , or the students supported the doctors .	Did the students support the doctors ?	no
The judges thanked the professor , or the senator arrived .	Did the judges thank the professor ?	no
The author believed the actors , or the judges recognized the senator .	Did the judges recognize the senator ?	no
The president contacted the professors , or the managers saw the actors .	Did the managers see the actors ?	no
The bankers admired the athlete , or the secretaries called the doctors .	Did the bankers admire the athlete ?	no
The secretaries avoided the authors , or the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	no
The scientists ran , or the secretary recommended the tourists .	Did the secretary recommend the tourists ?	no
The president shouted , or the student danced .	Did the student dance ?	no
The authors thanked the artists , or the bankers encouraged the doctors .	Did the bankers encourage the doctors ?	no
The senators supported the author , or the artists introduced the tourist .	Did the senators support the author ?	no
The athletes shouted , or the bankers recommended the students .	Did the bankers recommend the students ?	no
The secretaries ran , or the judges danced .	Did the secretaries run ?	no
The doctors performed , or the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	no
The president contacted the manager , or the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	no
The managers arrived , or the student encouraged the judge .	Did the managers arrive ?	no
The artist slept , or the professors recommended the author .	Did the artist sleep ?	no
The senators saw the lawyers , or the doctor called the judge .	Did the senators see the lawyers ?	no
The scientists performed , or the authors encouraged the banker .	Did the authors encourage the banker ?	no
The judge resigned , or the artist helped the scientist .	Did the artist help the scientist ?	no
The athlete introduced the professors , or the actor contacted the banker .	Did the athlete introduce the professors ?	no
The scientist resigned , or the athlete recognized the lawyers .	Did the athlete recognize the lawyers ?	no
The artist resigned , or the manager slept .	Did the manager sleep ?	no
The scientist introduced the manager , or the lawyer arrived .	Did the lawyer arrive ?	no
The presidents slept , or the tourists admired the scientists .	Did the tourists admire the scientists ?	no
The author waited , or the senators believed the presidents .	Did the senators believe the presidents ?	no
The artist stopped the authors , or the presidents contacted the doctor .	Did the presidents contact the doctor ?	no
The lawyers encouraged the manager , or the actor called the judges .	Did the lawyers encourage the manager ?	no
The lawyers stopped the presidents , or the judges avoided the professors .	Did the lawyers stop the presidents ?	no
The actor recognized the lawyers , or the artist called the students .	Did the actor recognize the lawyers ?	no
The student ran , or the presidents slept .	Did the student run ?	no
The secretaries slept , or the tourist advised the banker .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	no
The managers recommended the banker , or the artists shouted .	Did the managers recommend the banker ?	no
The doctors recommended the actor , or the students mentioned the lawyers .	Did the students mention the lawyers ?	no
The athlete called the judges , or the tourist stopped the bankers .	Did the athlete call the judges ?	no
The artist resigned , or the actors believed the presidents .	Did the actors believe the presidents ?	no
The artist arrived , or the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	no
The tourists contacted the athlete , or the bankers saw the lawyer .	Did the bankers see the lawyer ?	no
The judges supported the artists , or the professor helped the lawyers .	Did the judges support the artists ?	no
The artist performed , or the managers admired the bankers .	Did the artist perform ?	no
The scientists thanked the professor , or the managers avoided the doctors .	Did the managers avoid the doctors ?	no
The doctor thanked the judge , or the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	no
The athletes performed , or the tourists contacted the student .	Did the tourists contact the student ?	no
The scientists supported the actor , or the professors saw the author .	Did the scientists support the actor ?	no
The president recognized the banker , or the student introduced the authors .	Did the student introduce the authors ?	no
The actor recommended the senator , or the authors slept .	Did the actor recommend the senator ?	no
The athletes slept , or the actors mentioned the bankers .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
The tourist thanked the senators , or the students mentioned the actors .	Did the students mention the actors ?	no
The scientist ran , or the artists recognized the judges .	Did the artists recognize the judges ?	no
The actors danced , or the presidents believed the lawyer .	Did the presidents believe the lawyer ?	no
The scientist avoided the student , or the athlete introduced the bankers .	Did the athlete introduce the bankers ?	no
The judges saw the lawyers , or the authors waited .	Did the judges see the lawyers ?	no
The athlete ran , or the tourists admired the banker .	Did the athlete run ?	no
The presidents advised the doctor , or the artist recommended the athlete .	Did the presidents advise the doctor ?	no
The lawyer recognized the banker , or the judge avoided the students .	Did the judge avoid the students ?	no
The artists resigned , or the senator helped the doctor .	Did the artists resign ?	no
The artist recognized the secretary , or the banker admired the actors .	Did the banker admire the actors ?	no
The authors stopped the artist , or the lawyers waited .	Did the authors stop the artist ?	no
The author shouted , or the students mentioned the judge .	Did the students mention the judge ?	no
The doctors stopped the students , or the actor saw the athletes .	Did the actor see the athletes ?	no
The athlete introduced the professors , or the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	no
The senators danced , or the bankers ran .	Did the senators dance ?	no
The tourist advised the doctor , or the artists ran .	Did the artists run ?	no
The lawyers introduced the banker , or the judge contacted the doctor .	Did the judge contact the doctor ?	no
The managers waited , or the professor encouraged the secretaries .	Did the professor encourage the secretaries ?	no
The athletes encouraged the lawyers , or the artists advised the professor .	Did the artists advise the professor ?	no
The lawyer supported the professors , or the senators stopped the doctor .	Did the senators stop the doctor ?	no
The athlete supported the lawyers , or the professors advised the secretary .	Did the professors advise the secretary ?	no
The president admired the doctors , or the author contacted the artists .	Did the author contact the artists ?	no
The scientist saw the presidents , or the tourists admired the author .	Did the tourists admire the author ?	no
The athlete encouraged the senator , or the authors called the actor .	Did the authors call the actor ?	no
The senator encouraged the lawyers , or the doctors arrived .	Did the senator encourage the lawyers ?	no
The secretary danced , or the judge mentioned the presidents .	Did the judge mention the presidents ?	no
The manager shouted , or the artist thanked the judge .	Did the manager shout ?	no
The authors arrived , or the presidents called the actor .	Did the presidents call the actor ?	no
The banker slept , or the doctor thanked the secretaries .	Did the doctor thank the secretaries ?	no
The judge shouted , or the senators performed .	Did the judge shout ?	no
The president arrived , or the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	no
The president believed the actor , or the students contacted the senators .	Did the students contact the senators ?	no
The scientists admired the tourists , or the students waited .	Did the scientists admire the tourists ?	no
The managers arrived , or the professors stopped the actor .	Did the professors stop the actor ?	no
The bankers saw the scientist , or the president introduced the manager .	Did the president introduce the manager ?	no
The actor contacted the banker , or the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	no
The presidents contacted the secretaries , or the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	no
The manager believed the tourists , or the secretary shouted .	Did the manager believe the tourists ?	no
The secretary encouraged the actors , or the authors recommended the presidents .	Did the authors recommend the presidents ?	no
The manager slept , or the banker ran .	Did the banker run ?	no
The secretary arrived , or the managers danced .	Did the managers dance ?	no
The lawyers waited , or the bankers danced .	Did the bankers dance ?	no
The tourist ran , or the judges stopped the scientist .	Did the judges stop the scientist ?	no
The manager thanked the scientist , or the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	no
The author recognized the tourist , or the managers admired the judges .	Did the managers admire the judges ?	no
The scientist encouraged the athletes , or the senator supported the tourist .	Did the senator support the tourist ?	no
The presidents recommended the doctor , or the professors avoided the student .	Did the professors avoid the student ?	no
The artists performed , or the manager recommended the professors .	Did the manager recommend the professors ?	no
The professor ran , or the student recommended the manager .	Did the student recommend the manager ?	no
The senator introduced the managers , or the doctor thanked the authors .	Did the doctor thank the authors ?	no
The athlete mentioned the authors , or the students stopped the presidents .	Did the athlete mention the authors ?	no
The athlete danced , or the doctor called the professors .	Did the athlete dance ?	no
The scientist encouraged the president , or the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	no
The doctor saw the artist , or the senators encouraged the lawyers .	Did the senators encourage the lawyers ?	no
The professor shouted , or the senator avoided the doctors .	Did the professor shout ?	no
The scientist recognized the secretary , or the tourists arrived .	Did the scientist recognize the secretary ?	no
The actors waited , or the students slept .	Did the actors wait ?	no
The athletes mentioned the doctors , or the president contacted the manager .	Did the president contact the manager ?	no
The senator believed the doctor , or the judge ran .	Did the judge run ?	no
The secretary stopped the presidents , or the artists recommended the senators .	Did the secretary stop the presidents ?	no
The senator stopped the actor , or the banker thanked the professor .	Did the senator stop the actor ?	no
The scientist mentioned the athletes , or the secretary performed .	Did the scientist mention the athletes ?	no
The doctors performed , or the managers mentioned the author .	Did the managers mention the author ?	no
The senator arrived , or the secretary believed the professor .	Did the secretary believe the professor ?	no
The presidents slept , or the professors shouted .	Did the presidents sleep ?	no
The manager saw the author , or the secretary slept .	Did the manager see the author ?	no
The professors stopped the senator , or the scientist thanked the judges .	Did the scientist thank the judges ?	no
The banker arrived , or the managers resigned .	Did the managers resign ?	no
The actors recognized the scientists , or the secretary admired the banker .	Did the actors recognize the scientists ?	no
The doctors admired the banker , or the student called the artists .	Did the student call the artists ?	no
The tourist called the artist , or the professor saw the doctor .	Did the tourist call the artist ?	no
The senators waited , or the athlete encouraged the banker .	Did the athlete encourage the banker ?	no
The authors performed , or the artists advised the judge .	Did the authors perform ?	no
The senator arrived , or the scientist slept .	Did the senator arrive ?	no
The students danced , or the lawyers saw the scientists .	Did the lawyers see the scientists ?	no
The scientists mentioned the tourists , or the author thanked the secretaries .	Did the scientists mention the tourists ?	no
The athletes saw the professor , or the authors recommended the tourists .	Did the authors recommend the tourists ?	no
The president admired the students , or the secretaries slept .	Did the president admire the students ?	no
The managers danced , or the banker thanked the authors .	Did the banker thank the authors ?	no
The authors thanked the athletes , or the manager mentioned the tourists .	Did the authors thank the athletes ?	no
The banker danced , or the managers recognized the lawyers .	Did the banker dance ?	no
The tourists resigned , or the doctor helped the student .	Did the doctor help the student ?	no
The author performed , or the tourists recognized the student .	Did the tourists recognize the student ?	no
The student avoided the professors , or the athlete saw the senator .	Did the student avoid the professors ?	no
The author avoided the professor , or the tourists stopped the senators .	Did the tourists stop the senators ?	no
The managers recommended the tourist , or the lawyer arrived .	Did the managers recommend the tourist ?	no
The judge slept , or the actor believed the athletes .	Did the actor believe the athletes ?	no
The athletes introduced the authors , or the banker slept .	Did the athletes introduce the authors ?	no
The banker resigned , or the manager thanked the secretaries .	Did the manager thank the secretaries ?	no
The doctors recognized the judges , or the scientists waited .	Did the scientists wait ?	no
The tourists slept , or the professor resigned .	Did the professor resign ?	no
The artists helped the judges , or the actor slept .	Did the actor sleep ?	no
The professor saw the students , or the scientists shouted .	Did the scientists shout ?	no
The manager saw the athlete , or the judges ran .	Did the manager see the athlete ?	no
The tourists arrived , or the lawyer recommended the athletes .	Did the tourists arrive ?	no
The actor danced , or the president recommended the judges .	Did the actor dance ?	no
The secretaries performed , or the artists helped the bankers .	Did the secretaries perform ?	no
The tourists contacted the professors , or the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	no
The president resigned , or the professors waited .	Did the professors wait ?	no
The student performed , or the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	no
The manager saw the bankers , or the scientists performed .	Did the manager see the bankers ?	no
The bankers danced , or the secretaries avoided the senators .	Did the bankers dance ?	no
The student arrived , or the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	no
The author waited , or the judges recommended the lawyer .	Did the author wait ?	no
The senator waited , or the authors admired the doctors .	Did the authors admire the doctors ?	no
The tourists waited , or the managers mentioned the student .	Did the tourists wait ?	no
The professors called the artists , or the scientists mentioned the author .	Did the scientists mention the author ?	no
The bankers encouraged the actors , or the professors avoided the senators .	Did the bankers encourage the actors ?	no
The student danced , or the doctor introduced the senator .	Did the student dance ?	no
The banker encouraged the secretary , or the artist supported the tourist .	Did the banker encourage the secretary ?	no
The senators introduced the judge , or the doctor waited .	Did the doctor wait ?	no
The student saw the presidents , or the senators recommended the secretary .	Did the student see the presidents ?	no
The presidents ran , or the manager recognized the lawyer .	Did the presidents run ?	no
The athlete waited , or the actors recommended the doctors .	Did the athlete wait ?	no
The doctor contacted the athletes , or the authors stopped the judges .	Did the authors stop the judges ?	no
The doctors resigned , or the professors believed the manager .	Did the doctors resign ?	no
The scientist helped the judge , or the author ran .	Did the scientist help the judge ?	no
The tourist recognized the bankers , or the managers ran .	Did the managers run ?	no
The president contacted the student , or the actors performed .	Did the president contact the student ?	no
The actors arrived , or the artists recognized the scientist .	Did the artists recognize the scientist ?	no
The president waited , or the tourist ran .	Did the president wait ?	no
The judges mentioned the professors , or the senator encouraged the presidents .	Did the senator encourage the presidents ?	no
The authors helped the student , or the presidents recognized the artists .	Did the presidents recognize the artists ?	no
The president helped the tourists , or the senators shouted .	Did the president help the tourists ?	no
The athlete recommended the professors , or the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	no
The scientist encouraged the tourist , or the authors helped the student .	Did the authors help the student ?	no
The scientists resigned , or the manager danced .	Did the manager dance ?	no
The scientist slept , or the secretaries introduced the authors .	Did the secretaries introduce the authors ?	no
The secretary performed , or the tourists admired the lawyer .	Did the tourists admire the lawyer ?	no
The artists stopped the doctor , or the tourists avoided the senators .	Did the tourists avoid the senators ?	no
The tourists recognized the doctor , or the professors introduced the student .	Did the tourists recognize the doctor ?	no
The tourists stopped the actor , or the president encouraged the managers .	Did the president encourage the managers ?	no
The president supported the scientists , or the judges advised the bankers .	Did the judges advise the bankers ?	no
The student believed the author , or the artist thanked the judge .	Did the artist thank the judge ?	no
The scientist saw the actors , or the secretaries advised the athletes .	Did the secretaries advise the athletes ?	no
The tourists ran , or the president slept .	Did the tourists run ?	no
The actors saw the student , or the doctor ran .	Did the actors see the student ?	no
The authors recommended the secretaries , or the tourists resigned .	Did the authors recommend the secretaries ?	no
The doctor arrived , or the lawyers supported the athlete .	Did the doctor arrive ?	no
The bankers danced , or the lawyers saw the senator .	Did the bankers dance ?	no
The professors supported the judge , or the tourists recommended the athletes .	Did the tourists recommend the athletes ?	no
The tourist avoided the lawyer , or the senators called the actors .	Did the senators call the actors ?	no
The actors called the athletes , or the authors recommended the managers .	Did the authors recommend the managers ?	no
The artist recognized the managers , or the secretaries avoided the athletes .	Did the artist recognize the managers ?	no
The presidents introduced the scientist , or the judges advised the bankers .	Did the judges advise the bankers ?	no
The lawyer avoided the judge , or the presidents admired the manager .	Did the lawyer avoid the judge ?	no
The athlete slept , or the secretaries recognized the judges .	Did the athlete sleep ?	no
The senator called the secretary , or the bankers advised the presidents .	Did the bankers advise the presidents ?	no
The professor waited , or the banker stopped the scientist .	Did the banker stop the scientist ?	no
The student encouraged the author , or the professors arrived .	Did the professors arrive ?	no
The artist ran , or the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	no
The doctors believed the judges , or the athlete supported the scientist .	Did the doctors believe the judges ?	no
The athlete encouraged the tourist , or the scientist arrived .	Did the athlete encourage the tourist ?	no
The scientists avoided the doctor , or the judges slept .	Did the scientists avoid the doctor ?	no
The professors admired the president , or the secretary performed .	Did the professors admire the president ?	no
The banker introduced the author , or the judges arrived .	Did the judges arrive ?	no
The lawyer recognized the scientists , or the managers arrived .	Did the lawyer recognize the scientists ?	no
The managers admired the banker , or the tourist danced .	Did the managers admire the banker ?	no
The tourist recommended the students , or the judge introduced the doctors .	Did the judge introduce the doctors ?	no
The doctor ran , or the presidents resigned .	Did the doctor run ?	no
The doctor stopped the athletes , or the scientist shouted .	Did the doctor stop the athletes ?	no
The professor slept , or the artists thanked the athlete .	Did the artists thank the athlete ?	no
The doctors saw the secretary , or the tourist arrived .	Did the doctors see the secretary ?	no
The actors contacted the doctors , or the athletes thanked the professor .	Did the athletes thank the professor ?	no
The authors shouted , or the athletes admired the senators .	Did the authors shout ?	no
The managers resigned , or the lawyer recommended the president .	Did the lawyer recommend the president ?	no
The students believed the managers , or the authors danced .	Did the authors dance ?	no
The senators believed the artists , or the professor encouraged the bankers .	Did the senators believe the artists ?	no
The bankers recommended the athletes , or the tourist contacted the scientists .	Did the bankers recommend the athletes ?	no
The athlete encouraged the lawyer , or the president admired the secretaries .	Did the athlete encourage the lawyer ?	no
The tourist stopped the scientists , or the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	no
The professor saw the judges , or the banker avoided the secretaries .	Did the banker avoid the secretaries ?	no
The professor mentioned the actor , or the tourists recognized the athletes .	Did the professor mention the actor ?	no
The president helped the senator , or the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	no
The tourist helped the lawyers , or the athletes slept .	Did the tourist help the lawyers ?	no
The president avoided the professors , or the tourist saw the judges .	Did the president avoid the professors ?	no
The student slept , or the manager ran .	Did the manager run ?	no
The students avoided the tourists , or the artists ran .	Did the artists run ?	no
The secretaries arrived , or the artist believed the judges .	Did the secretaries arrive ?	no
The lawyers performed , or the student waited .	Did the student wait ?	no
The senator advised the presidents , or the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	no
The judge arrived , or the manager recognized the lawyers .	Did the judge arrive ?	no
The artists waited , or the actor called the students .	Did the actor call the students ?	no
The author ran , or the artist arrived .	Did the artist arrive ?	no
The managers thanked the professor , or the artist mentioned the senators .	Did the managers thank the professor ?	no
The author helped the secretary , or the actor recognized the judges .	Did the actor recognize the judges ?	no
The doctors admired the students , or the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	no
The actor danced , or the lawyers mentioned the authors .	Did the actor dance ?	no
The student advised the artist , or the banker thanked the managers .	Did the student advise the artist ?	no
The scientist contacted the manager , or the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	no
The senators shouted , or the manager admired the actors .	Did the senators shout ?	no
The professor saw the scientists , or the banker believed the actors .	Did the professor see the scientists ?	no
The athletes avoided the student , or the author performed .	Did the author perform ?	no
The secretaries recommended the scientists , or the author supported the professors .	Did the secretaries recommend the scientists ?	no
The manager thanked the banker , or the student believed the professor .	Did the manager thank the banker ?	no
The athletes called the senator , or the judge supported the president .	Did the judge support the president ?	no
The students shouted , or the secretaries danced .	Did the students shout ?	no
The scientists stopped the athletes , or the judge encouraged the artist .	Did the scientists stop the athletes ?	no
The scientist danced , or the secretary advised the author .	Did the scientist dance ?	no
The tourist danced , or the senators admired the artist .	Did the senators admire the artist ?	no
The scientist admired the presidents , or the manager believed the lawyers .	Did the manager believe the lawyers ?	no
The athletes recognized the actors , or the tourists helped the senator .	Did the athletes recognize the actors ?	no
The manager helped the judges , or the actors recommended the senators .	Did the manager help the judges ?	no
The professors supported the senator , or the bankers called the managers .	Did the bankers call the managers ?	no
The students supported the lawyers , or the athletes encouraged the professors .	Did the athletes encourage the professors ?	no
The senator believed the students , or the tourist waited .	Did the senator believe the students ?	no
The secretaries admired the actor , or the authors recommended the banker .	Did the secretaries admire the actor ?	no
The professors avoided the doctor , or the presidents supported the senators .	Did the professors avoid the doctor ?	no
The athletes slept , or the presidents mentioned the banker .	Did the presidents mention the banker ?	no
The scientist helped the artists , or the author encouraged the banker .	Did the author encourage the banker ?	no
The artists called the authors , or the lawyer stopped the athletes .	Did the lawyer stop the athletes ?	no
The lawyer avoided the athletes , or the manager encouraged the student .	Did the manager encourage the student ?	no
The senators helped the tourist , or the scientists thanked the artist .	Did the scientists thank the artist ?	no
The tourist shouted , or the artists recognized the judges .	Did the artists recognize the judges ?	no
The student ran , or the athlete stopped the professors .	Did the athlete stop the professors ?	no
The banker thanked the professors , or the lawyer helped the tourists .	Did the lawyer help the tourists ?	no
The bankers stopped the authors , or the student contacted the senator .	Did the student contact the senator ?	no
The authors helped the professor , or the presidents recommended the lawyers .	Did the presidents recommend the lawyers ?	no
The students thanked the lawyers , or the artists believed the athletes .	Did the students thank the lawyers ?	no
The actors arrived , or the athletes performed .	Did the actors arrive ?	no
The scientist recognized the professors , or the authors mentioned the lawyers .	Did the scientist recognize the professors ?	no
The scientist advised the artists , or the banker introduced the manager .	Did the banker introduce the manager ?	no
The artist called the tourists , or the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	no
The students slept , or the judges introduced the tourists .	Did the judges introduce the tourists ?	no
The manager performed , or the students ran .	Did the students run ?	no
The professor thanked the actor , or the banker recommended the students .	Did the banker recommend the students ?	no
The secretaries danced , or the bankers waited .	Did the bankers wait ?	no
The actor helped the doctors , or the professors contacted the manager .	Did the professors contact the manager ?	no
The managers introduced the senator , or the banker admired the secretaries .	Did the banker admire the secretaries ?	no
The lawyer avoided the senators , or the students shouted .	Did the students shout ?	no
The scientists contacted the artists , or the tourists advised the judge .	Did the tourists advise the judge ?	no
The doctors shouted , or the judge admired the tourist .	Did the judge admire the tourist ?	no
The student supported the lawyers , or the scientists resigned .	Did the scientists resign ?	no
The senator thanked the professor , or the secretary contacted the presidents .	Did the secretary contact the presidents ?	no
The doctors contacted the presidents , or the managers mentioned the banker .	Did the doctors contact the presidents ?	no
The actors shouted , or the tourists introduced the bankers .	Did the tourists introduce the bankers ?	no
The tourist thanked the actor , or the judges slept .	Did the tourist thank the actor ?	no
The president encouraged the senators , or the judges ran .	Did the president encourage the senators ?	no
The professors stopped the tourist , or the actor performed .	Did the professors stop the tourist ?	no
The doctor believed the authors , or the lawyers thanked the student .	Did the doctor believe the authors ?	no
The presidents ran , or the senators avoided the banker .	Did the presidents run ?	no
The authors recommended the lawyer , or the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	no
The secretary shouted , or the scientist advised the professors .	Did the scientist advise the professors ?	no
The tourist recognized the managers , or the artists resigned .	Did the tourist recognize the managers ?	no
The actor danced , or the tourist arrived .	Did the actor dance ?	no
The senators introduced the secretaries , or the tourist ran .	Did the senators introduce the secretaries ?	no
The tourists encouraged the judge , or the scientists called the professor .	Did the scientists call the professor ?	no
The scientists ran , or the lawyer recommended the bankers .	Did the scientists run ?	no
The actors avoided the artist , or the tourist slept .	Did the actors avoid the artist ?	no
The athlete called the manager , or the judges introduced the actors .	Did the athlete call the manager ?	no
The bankers believed the actors , or the presidents helped the scientist .	Did the bankers believe the actors ?	no
The author ran , or the managers slept .	Did the author run ?	no
The student called the bankers , or the lawyer arrived .	Did the lawyer arrive ?	no
The athletes danced , or the secretary saw the president .	Did the secretary see the president ?	no
The tourists helped the athlete , or the banker ran .	Did the banker run ?	no
The actors introduced the student , or the professor waited .	Did the actors introduce the student ?	no
The authors admired the doctor , or the bankers encouraged the scientist .	Did the authors admire the doctor ?	no
The president stopped the scientist , or the professors introduced the bankers .	Did the professors introduce the bankers ?	no
The manager supported the actor , or the secretaries saw the banker .	Did the manager support the actor ?	no
The artist arrived , or the tourist introduced the scientist .	Did the tourist introduce the scientist ?	no
The tourist supported the judge , or the secretary arrived .	Did the tourist support the judge ?	no
The banker recommended the student , or the secretaries performed .	Did the banker recommend the student ?	no
The secretary advised the senator , or the scientists recognized the student .	Did the scientists recognize the student ?	no
The president contacted the doctor , or the judges danced .	Did the president contact the doctor ?	no
The authors contacted the manager , or the lawyers stopped the student .	Did the lawyers stop the student ?	no
The author saw the student , or the professors advised the athlete .	Did the professors advise the athlete ?	no
The doctors ran , or the senators shouted .	Did the doctors run ?	no
The banker recognized the lawyers , or the secretary performed .	Did the banker recognize the lawyers ?	no
The scientist danced , or the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	no
The professor waited , or the banker advised the students .	Did the banker advise the students ?	no
The students avoided the presidents , or the senators supported the athlete .	Did the students avoid the presidents ?	no
The authors avoided the professors , or the actor recognized the artist .	Did the authors avoid the professors ?	no
The actor ran , or the secretaries helped the artist .	Did the secretaries help the artist ?	no
The tourists encouraged the banker , or the secretaries believed the scientist .	Did the secretaries believe the scientist ?	no
The secretary recommended the doctor , or the actors performed .	Did the secretary recommend the doctor ?	no
The student resigned , or the scientists introduced the actor .	Did the student resign ?	no
The actors encouraged the scientists , or the bankers performed .	Did the bankers perform ?	no
The bankers danced , or the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	no
The lawyers ran , or the student arrived .	Did the lawyers run ?	no
The lawyer believed the professors , or the athletes recognized the managers .	Did the athletes recognize the managers ?	no
The lawyer thanked the tourists , or the artists performed .	Did the artists perform ?	no
The president advised the actors , or the doctors encouraged the artists .	Did the president advise the actors ?	no
The judge recognized the actor , or the presidents mentioned the athlete .	Did the presidents mention the athlete ?	no
The bankers recognized the tourist , or the presidents called the students .	Did the bankers recognize the tourist ?	no
The athlete waited , or the judge mentioned the manager .	Did the athlete wait ?	no
The presidents slept , or the doctors shouted .	Did the presidents sleep ?	no
The scientists shouted , or the secretaries helped the tourist .	Did the secretaries help the tourist ?	no
The artists advised the managers , or the secretaries helped the student .	Did the artists advise the managers ?	no
The athlete recognized the artist , or the doctor contacted the authors .	Did the athlete recognize the artist ?	no
The lawyer slept , or the professors recommended the artists .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	no
The scientist mentioned the managers , or the professors thanked the artists .	Did the scientist mention the managers ?	no
The managers avoided the artist , or the senators believed the scientist .	Did the managers avoid the artist ?	no
The athlete waited , or the tourist danced .	Did the tourist dance ?	no
The presidents shouted , or the secretaries admired the artist .	Did the presidents shout ?	no
The author mentioned the actor , or the managers waited .	Did the managers wait ?	no
The managers saw the actors , or the doctors admired the lawyers .	Did the managers see the actors ?	no
The bankers recognized the doctor , or the artists danced .	Did the bankers recognize the doctor ?	no
The students recommended the scientists , or the senators avoided the artist .	Did the senators avoid the artist ?	no
The banker avoided the senator , or the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	no
The tourists performed , or the actor avoided the president .	Did the actor avoid the president ?	no
The banker encouraged the secretaries , or the athlete admired the presidents .	Did the banker encourage the secretaries ?	no
The professor recommended the athlete , or the scientists called the author .	Did the professor recommend the athlete ?	no
The manager danced , or the students ran .	Did the students run ?	no
The secretaries danced , or the author helped the actor .	Did the author help the actor ?	no
The actor waited , or the tourist recommended the judges .	Did the actor wait ?	no
The manager slept , or the authors danced .	Did the authors dance ?	no
The president slept , or the tourist avoided the judges .	Did the president sleep ?	no
The student recognized the actors , or the athletes saw the scientist .	Did the student recognize the actors ?	no
The athlete recommended the scientist , or the doctors encouraged the manager .	Did the athlete recommend the scientist ?	no
The bankers recognized the judges , or the actors called the student .	Did the actors call the student ?	no
The bankers mentioned the doctor , or the athlete believed the tourist .	Did the bankers mention the doctor ?	no
The tourist recommended the athlete , or the senators believed the lawyers .	Did the tourist recommend the athlete ?	no
The scientist avoided the doctors , or the lawyers waited .	Did the lawyers wait ?	no
The manager recognized the athlete , or the doctor shouted .	Did the manager recognize the athlete ?	no
The judge recognized the senators , or the tourist helped the lawyer .	Did the judge recognize the senators ?	no
The scientist mentioned the lawyers , or the doctor introduced the managers .	Did the doctor introduce the managers ?	no
The actors supported the athletes , or the lawyer performed .	Did the actors support the athletes ?	no
The lawyer helped the secretary , or the authors slept .	Did the lawyer help the secretary ?	no
The judge resigned , or the senators admired the scientist .	Did the judge resign ?	no
The author arrived , or the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	no
The students believed the tourist , or the scientists avoided the author .	Did the scientists avoid the author ?	no
The author resigned , or the athletes believed the actors .	Did the author resign ?	no
The students helped the author , or the lawyer waited .	Did the students help the author ?	no
The professors recommended the artist , or the bankers helped the senator .	Did the bankers help the senator ?	no
The athlete admired the doctor , or the tourist shouted .	Did the athlete admire the doctor ?	no
The secretary recognized the lawyers , or the professor contacted the doctors .	Did the professor contact the doctors ?	no
The senators resigned , or the scientists avoided the bankers .	Did the scientists avoid the bankers ?	no
The lawyer contacted the presidents , or the tourists called the professors .	Did the tourists call the professors ?	no
The actor danced , or the secretaries performed .	Did the secretaries perform ?	no
The managers encouraged the professor , or the scientists introduced the student .	Did the managers encourage the professor ?	no
The actors encouraged the doctors , or the artist arrived .	Did the actors encourage the doctors ?	no
The tourist waited , or the managers admired the athletes .	Did the tourist wait ?	no
The banker admired the doctor , or the artist danced .	Did the banker admire the doctor ?	no
The scientist admired the secretary , or the tourists called the authors .	Did the scientist admire the secretary ?	no
The students shouted , or the lawyers performed .	Did the lawyers perform ?	no
The actor thanked the presidents , or the senators mentioned the judge .	Did the actor thank the presidents ?	no
The tourists waited , or the presidents introduced the lawyer .	Did the presidents introduce the lawyer ?	no
The senators danced , or the students called the scientists .	Did the students call the scientists ?	no
The lawyer believed the tourist , or the students recognized the actor .	Did the students recognize the actor ?	no
The professors advised the bankers , or the tourist contacted the presidents .	Did the tourist contact the presidents ?	no
The student helped the manager , or the professors mentioned the banker .	Did the student help the manager ?	no
The manager ran , or the students advised the actors .	Did the manager run ?	no
The bankers contacted the student , or the athletes danced .	Did the athletes dance ?	no
The manager recognized the scientists , or the author mentioned the secretaries .	Did the manager recognize the scientists ?	no
The doctor resigned , or the judges saw the actor .	Did the judges see the actor ?	no
The professors contacted the bankers , or the authors encouraged the actor .	Did the professors contact the bankers ?	no
The actor called the athlete , or the judge contacted the bankers .	Did the actor call the athlete ?	no
The banker supported the athletes , or the lawyers saw the student .	Did the lawyers see the student ?	no
The managers ran , or the artists mentioned the lawyer .	Did the managers run ?	no
The scientist believed the doctor , or the lawyers danced .	Did the lawyers dance ?	no
The lawyer performed , or the senator saw the tourists .	Did the lawyer perform ?	no
The athlete arrived , or the banker advised the professor .	Did the athlete arrive ?	no
The students slept , or the lawyers performed .	Did the students sleep ?	no
The doctors mentioned the senators , or the artists called the student .	Did the artists call the student ?	no
The doctors avoided the senators , or the athlete recognized the judges .	Did the athlete recognize the judges ?	no
The tourist ran , or the students advised the managers .	Did the tourist run ?	no
The actor danced , or the manager stopped the lawyers .	Did the actor dance ?	no
The students stopped the lawyer , or the artist waited .	Did the artist wait ?	no
The scientists recommended the managers , or the author danced .	Did the author dance ?	no
The lawyer introduced the doctors , or the secretary helped the professors .	Did the secretary help the professors ?	no
The doctors encouraged the tourists , or the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	no
The tourist introduced the senator , or the athlete saw the president .	Did the athlete see the president ?	no
The banker encouraged the senator , or the manager contacted the presidents .	Did the banker encourage the senator ?	no
The manager stopped the student , or the secretary waited .	Did the manager stop the student ?	no
The artist encouraged the lawyers , or the actors believed the tourists .	Did the artist encourage the lawyers ?	no
The manager called the doctor , or the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	no
The scientists thanked the athlete , or the lawyers arrived .	Did the scientists thank the athlete ?	no
The artist ran , or the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	no
The tourists waited , or the athletes supported the senator .	Did the athletes support the senator ?	no
The actors recognized the banker , or the tourist arrived .	Did the tourist arrive ?	no
The manager danced , or the doctors ran .	Did the doctors run ?	no
The manager admired the secretary , or the scientist helped the presidents .	Did the scientist help the presidents ?	no
The banker saw the judges , or the senator advised the tourists .	Did the senator advise the tourists ?	no
The actors danced , or the artists recommended the tourist .	Did the actors dance ?	no
The managers saw the athlete , or the actor admired the judges .	Did the actor admire the judges ?	no
The president helped the tourists , or the secretaries called the judge .	Did the president help the tourists ?	no
The lawyers encouraged the athlete , or the artist supported the tourists .	Did the artist support the tourists ?	no
The lawyers called the actors , or the tourists thanked the athlete .	Did the lawyers call the actors ?	no
The students advised the lawyer , or the tourists recommended the bankers .	Did the students advise the lawyer ?	no
The students avoided the athletes , or the doctors encouraged the bankers .	Did the students avoid the athletes ?	no
The secretary waited , or the students resigned .	Did the secretary wait ?	no
The professor recognized the artist , or the student called the senators .	Did the professor recognize the artist ?	no
The president admired the authors , or the students introduced the scientist .	Did the students introduce the scientist ?	no
The lawyer admired the secretary , or the judges helped the scientist .	Did the lawyer admire the secretary ?	no
The doctors ran , or the authors slept .	Did the doctors run ?	no
The doctors danced , or the student mentioned the tourist .	Did the doctors dance ?	no
The bankers contacted the tourists , or the secretaries helped the senator .	Did the secretaries help the senator ?	no
The doctor stopped the bankers , or the secretaries recommended the senators .	Did the secretaries recommend the senators ?	no
The secretaries waited , or the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	no
The lawyer arrived , or the author ran .	Did the author run ?	no
The professors slept , or the secretaries saw the judges .	Did the professors sleep ?	no
The scientists admired the senators , or the secretaries resigned .	Did the scientists admire the senators ?	no
The scientists helped the professors , or the actor shouted .	Did the scientists help the professors ?	no
The artist believed the actor , or the doctor helped the professor .	Did the doctor help the professor ?	no
The student performed , or the artists called the lawyer .	Did the student perform ?	no
The bankers performed , or the artists shouted .	Did the bankers perform ?	no
The tourist danced , or the judge recommended the artist .	Did the tourist dance ?	no
The tourists introduced the judges , or the banker stopped the scientist .	Did the banker stop the scientist ?	no
The doctors introduced the athletes , or the senators stopped the managers .	Did the senators stop the managers ?	no
The bankers introduced the actor , or the athlete arrived .	Did the athlete arrive ?	no
The judges helped the tourists , or the lawyers mentioned the doctor .	Did the judges help the tourists ?	no
The artist called the tourists , or the presidents saw the students .	Did the presidents see the students ?	no
The professor arrived , or the managers mentioned the judge .	Did the managers mention the judge ?	no
The presidents avoided the athletes , or the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	no
The doctor arrived , or the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	no
The presidents stopped the judge , or the manager encouraged the banker .	Did the manager encourage the banker ?	no
The secretary performed , or the doctor called the managers .	Did the secretary perform ?	no
The banker admired the secretaries , or the doctor stopped the presidents .	Did the banker admire the secretaries ?	no
The judges contacted the student , or the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
The presidents avoided the senator , or the tourists helped the manager .	Did the tourists help the manager ?	no
The senators ran , or the doctors recognized the judges .	Did the doctors recognize the judges ?	no
The doctor recommended the authors , or the actor avoided the banker .	Did the actor avoid the banker ?	no
The athletes recommended the student , or the banker contacted the author .	Did the banker contact the author ?	no
The presidents advised the student , or the professors recognized the actor .	Did the presidents advise the student ?	no
The student encouraged the presidents , or the actor thanked the scientists .	Did the student encourage the presidents ?	no
The president believed the doctors , or the professors stopped the actor .	Did the professors stop the actor ?	no
The senator ran , or the president performed .	Did the president perform ?	no
The author encouraged the athlete , or the student waited .	Did the author encourage the athlete ?	no
The artist arrived , or the scientists slept .	Did the scientists sleep ?	no
The scientist waited , or the actors thanked the student .	Did the scientist wait ?	no
The student slept , or the athletes danced .	Did the athletes dance ?	no
The judge helped the bankers , or the student contacted the manager .	Did the judge help the bankers ?	no
The judges advised the bankers , or the actors recognized the professor .	Did the actors recognize the professor ?	no
The scientists stopped the senators , or the actors waited .	Did the scientists stop the senators ?	no
The presidents stopped the professors , or the author encouraged the secretaries .	Did the author encourage the secretaries ?	no
The scientist ran , or the bankers saw the secretaries .	Did the bankers see the secretaries ?	no
The banker encouraged the presidents , or the lawyers admired the athletes .	Did the lawyers admire the athletes ?	no
The authors arrived , or the secretaries admired the banker .	Did the secretaries admire the banker ?	no
The president slept , or the doctor saw the artist .	Did the doctor see the artist ?	no
The secretaries advised the artist , or the student thanked the tourists .	Did the student thank the tourists ?	no
The president stopped the secretary , or the doctor resigned .	Did the doctor resign ?	no
The secretaries believed the managers , or the tourists introduced the student .	Did the tourists introduce the student ?	no
The secretary danced , or the manager thanked the actors .	Did the manager thank the actors ?	no
The secretaries advised the authors , or the actor supported the artists .	Did the secretaries advise the authors ?	no
The banker mentioned the judges , or the athletes recognized the presidents .	Did the banker mention the judges ?	no
The tourist slept , or the senator danced .	Did the tourist sleep ?	no
The secretaries helped the lawyers , or the author thanked the tourist .	Did the author thank the tourist ?	no
The doctors introduced the scientists , or the student avoided the authors .	Did the student avoid the authors ?	no
The actor shouted , or the athlete advised the manager .	Did the actor shout ?	no
The senator danced , or the doctor contacted the actor .	Did the doctor contact the actor ?	no
The tourist mentioned the bankers , or the doctors supported the student .	Did the doctors support the student ?	no
The actors ran , or the professor danced .	Did the actors run ?	no
The artist admired the athletes , or the tourists encouraged the president .	Did the tourists encourage the president ?	no
The banker danced , or the lawyers admired the artist .	Did the lawyers admire the artist ?	no
The judge shouted , or the artist saw the bankers .	Did the judge shout ?	no
The bankers ran , or the secretaries avoided the doctors .	Did the secretaries avoid the doctors ?	no
The banker called the secretaries , or the artists saw the senator .	Did the artists see the senator ?	no
The judges contacted the professors , or the author resigned .	Did the author resign ?	no
The senators waited , or the president avoided the athlete .	Did the president avoid the athlete ?	no
The students admired the judge , or the professor advised the lawyer .	Did the students admire the judge ?	no
The scientists danced , or the student slept .	Did the scientists dance ?	no
The professor supported the lawyers , or the managers mentioned the doctor .	Did the professor support the lawyers ?	no
The judge contacted the scientists , or the bankers waited .	Did the judge contact the scientists ?	no
The professors advised the banker , or the tourists arrived .	Did the professors advise the banker ?	no
The tourists believed the professors , or the artists recommended the scientists .	Did the tourists believe the professors ?	no
The judges performed , or the professors contacted the athlete .	Did the professors contact the athlete ?	no
The doctors slept , or the secretaries encouraged the professors .	Did the doctors sleep ?	no
The students helped the secretaries , or the banker performed .	Did the banker perform ?	no
The manager introduced the artist , or the senators ran .	Did the senators run ?	no
The authors ran , or the president avoided the tourists .	Did the authors run ?	no
The doctors performed , or the professor resigned .	Did the doctors perform ?	no
The artist avoided the secretary , or the authors admired the student .	Did the authors admire the student ?	no
The senator arrived , or the secretary recommended the judges .	Did the secretary recommend the judges ?	no
The senator called the artist , or the president saw the author .	Did the senator call the artist ?	no
The students supported the presidents , or the athletes advised the actor .	Did the athletes advise the actor ?	no
The authors advised the banker , or the actor mentioned the students .	Did the actor mention the students ?	no
The lawyer supported the student , or the scientist performed .	Did the lawyer support the student ?	no
The doctor waited , or the banker supported the managers .	Did the banker support the managers ?	no
The artists slept , or the senators ran .	Did the senators run ?	no
The senators resigned , or the doctor saw the artist .	Did the senators resign ?	no
The artists called the tourists , or the authors avoided the banker .	Did the artists call the tourists ?	no
The managers helped the bankers , or the lawyer arrived .	Did the lawyer arrive ?	no
The scientist recommended the judges , or the secretaries encouraged the tourist .	Did the scientist recommend the judges ?	no
The student contacted the doctors , or the senators resigned .	Did the senators resign ?	no
The tourists admired the professor , or the artist thanked the manager .	Did the artist thank the manager ?	no
The senator recognized the manager , or the president ran .	Did the senator recognize the manager ?	no
The senators waited , or the judge slept .	Did the senators wait ?	no
The secretary admired the professor , or the senator waited .	Did the senator wait ?	no
The doctor mentioned the tourists , or the senators helped the professors .	Did the senators help the professors ?	no
The tourists recognized the scientists , or the senators recommended the authors .	Did the senators recommend the authors ?	no
The actors slept , or the students believed the doctors .	Did the actors sleep ?	no
The tourists encouraged the senator , or the secretary performed .	Did the secretary perform ?	no
The athletes waited , or the secretary danced .	Did the athletes wait ?	no
The tourists encouraged the bankers , or the president arrived .	Did the tourists encourage the bankers ?	no
The tourist introduced the artist , or the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	no
The banker recommended the judges , or the secretary stopped the lawyers .	Did the banker recommend the judges ?	no
The athlete supported the artists , or the author thanked the managers .	Did the author thank the managers ?	no
The judges believed the lawyer , or the athletes supported the doctors .	Did the judges believe the lawyer ?	no
The senators admired the managers , or the banker recommended the actor .	Did the senators admire the managers ?	no
The senator avoided the student , or the lawyer thanked the judges .	Did the senator avoid the student ?	no
The lawyers danced , or the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	no
The judge called the presidents , or the tourist supported the professors .	Did the judge call the presidents ?	no
The bankers contacted the secretaries , or the artist mentioned the scientists .	Did the bankers contact the secretaries ?	no
The doctors waited , or the athletes recommended the banker .	Did the doctors wait ?	no
The presidents recognized the actor , or the manager performed .	Did the manager perform ?	no
The manager contacted the tourist , or the athletes saw the secretaries .	Did the manager contact the tourist ?	no
The tourist danced , or the secretaries ran .	Did the tourist dance ?	no
The secretary admired the authors , or the bankers stopped the presidents .	Did the secretary admire the authors ?	no
The senators waited , or the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	no
The scientist shouted , or the professor resigned .	Did the scientist shout ?	no
The senators encouraged the artists , or the secretary performed .	Did the secretary perform ?	no
The lawyers contacted the secretary , or the tourist saw the judges .	Did the tourist see the judges ?	no
The manager avoided the lawyer , or the senator recognized the scientists .	Did the senator recognize the scientists ?	no
The actor performed , or the student shouted .	Did the actor perform ?	no
The artists recommended the tourist , or the lawyers supported the scientist .	Did the lawyers support the scientist ?	no
The students ran , or the presidents saw the senator .	Did the presidents see the senator ?	no
The athletes admired the senator , or the artist performed .	Did the athletes admire the senator ?	no
The secretaries performed , or the athletes supported the actors .	Did the athletes support the actors ?	no
The doctor admired the scientists , or the judge saw the athlete .	Did the doctor admire the scientists ?	no
The secretary encouraged the professors , or the banker supported the actor .	Did the banker support the actor ?	no
The artist helped the banker , or the managers admired the actor .	Did the artist help the banker ?	no
The secretary performed , or the presidents admired the senator .	Did the presidents admire the senator ?	no
The doctor arrived , or the president resigned .	Did the doctor arrive ?	no
The athlete recommended the actor , or the managers arrived .	Did the athlete recommend the actor ?	no
The senators performed , or the banker mentioned the lawyers .	Did the senators perform ?	no
The banker believed the tourist , or the secretaries arrived .	Did the banker believe the tourist ?	no
The students mentioned the athlete , or the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	no
The senator encouraged the secretary , or the president arrived .	Did the senator encourage the secretary ?	no
The students ran , or the bankers arrived .	Did the students run ?	no
The doctor contacted the author , or the senators slept .	Did the doctor contact the author ?	no
The banker recommended the tourists , or the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	no
The artist waited , or the professors advised the scientist .	Did the artist wait ?	no
The presidents performed , or the artists ran .	Did the presidents perform ?	no
The artists thanked the professors , or the lawyers recognized the tourists .	Did the lawyers recognize the tourists ?	no
The lawyer avoided the tourists , or the scientist contacted the doctors .	Did the lawyer avoid the tourists ?	no
The manager stopped the lawyer , or the secretary arrived .	Did the manager stop the lawyer ?	no
The president recommended the managers , or the author resigned .	Did the author resign ?	no
The athlete stopped the actor , or the judge helped the senator .	Did the athlete stop the actor ?	no
The authors called the scientist , or the judge mentioned the secretaries .	Did the authors call the scientist ?	no
The students admired the judges , or the lawyers believed the professor .	Did the lawyers believe the professor ?	no
The secretary recommended the actor , or the managers danced .	Did the secretary recommend the actor ?	no
The presidents introduced the scientist , or the author called the actors .	Did the presidents introduce the scientist ?	no
The bankers ran , or the professors arrived .	Did the bankers run ?	no
The secretary advised the athlete , or the senator recognized the actor .	Did the senator recognize the actor ?	no
The actor avoided the authors , or the judge admired the athletes .	Did the actor avoid the authors ?	no
The artist stopped the judge , or the banker slept .	Did the artist stop the judge ?	no
The athletes performed , or the doctors called the lawyers .	Did the athletes perform ?	no
The judge ran , or the actors called the president .	Did the actors call the president ?	no
The scientists believed the secretaries , or the professor ran .	Did the professor run ?	no
The bankers admired the doctor , or the authors thanked the athlete .	Did the authors thank the athlete ?	no
The student waited , or the actors slept .	Did the actors sleep ?	no
The students thanked the actor , or the athletes ran .	Did the students thank the actor ?	no
The artists mentioned the banker , or the athletes advised the managers .	Did the athletes advise the managers ?	no
The judge saw the doctor , or the president introduced the actors .	Did the president introduce the actors ?	no
The doctors contacted the banker , or the tourist stopped the presidents .	Did the tourist stop the presidents ?	no
The secretary recommended the judge , or the doctors arrived .	Did the doctors arrive ?	no
The managers arrived , or the actor contacted the secretary .	Did the managers arrive ?	no
The doctors advised the managers , or the banker saw the professor .	Did the banker see the professor ?	no
The tourists recognized the secretary , or the actors ran .	Did the actors run ?	no
The bankers avoided the scientist , or the students arrived .	Did the students arrive ?	no
The athletes introduced the banker , or the scientists thanked the senators .	Did the athletes introduce the banker ?	no
The senators saw the scientists , or the secretary introduced the students .	Did the secretary introduce the students ?	no
The bankers admired the lawyers , or the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	no
The professors introduced the secretary , or the lawyer called the artist .	Did the professors introduce the secretary ?	no
The doctor recognized the artists , or the athlete saw the scientist .	Did the doctor recognize the artists ?	no
The actor mentioned the student , or the judge introduced the president .	Did the actor mention the student ?	no
The authors believed the student , or the athlete admired the presidents .	Did the authors believe the student ?	no
The president resigned , or the manager ran .	Did the manager run ?	no
The manager supported the secretary , or the professor ran .	Did the manager support the secretary ?	no
The tourist performed , or the bankers encouraged the actor .	Did the bankers encourage the actor ?	no
The presidents recommended the secretaries , or the author resigned .	Did the presidents recommend the secretaries ?	no
The lawyers advised the doctor , or the managers waited .	Did the managers wait ?	no
The senator believed the artist , or the manager waited .	Did the senator believe the artist ?	no
The artists recommended the scientists , or the bankers encouraged the authors .	Did the bankers encourage the authors ?	no
The presidents arrived , or the banker believed the artist .	Did the presidents arrive ?	no
The banker encouraged the authors , or the president shouted .	Did the banker encourage the authors ?	no
The actors waited , or the scientist admired the secretary .	Did the scientist admire the secretary ?	no
The doctor introduced the president , or the scientists recognized the students .	Did the scientists recognize the students ?	no
The tourist waited , or the secretary recommended the presidents .	Did the tourist wait ?	no
The lawyer stopped the scientist , or the secretaries supported the bankers .	Did the secretaries support the bankers ?	no
The professors helped the scientists , or the students slept .	Did the students sleep ?	no
The secretaries introduced the professors , or the tourist thanked the judges .	Did the tourist thank the judges ?	no
The senator called the president , or the scientist waited .	Did the scientist wait ?	no
The tourists mentioned the artists , or the authors waited .	Did the authors wait ?	no
The professors waited , or the scientist performed .	Did the professors wait ?	no
The artists performed , or the tourists contacted the author .	Did the tourists contact the author ?	no
The secretaries arrived , or the manager encouraged the tourist .	Did the manager encourage the tourist ?	no
The secretaries arrived , or the athletes called the bankers .	Did the secretaries arrive ?	no
The actors encouraged the student , or the professors arrived .	Did the professors arrive ?	no
The scientist ran , or the doctor stopped the artist .	Did the scientist run ?	no
The secretaries contacted the president , or the professor admired the artists .	Did the secretaries contact the president ?	no
The doctor thanked the professor , or the judges recommended the athlete .	Did the judges recommend the athlete ?	no
The artist contacted the actor , or the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	no
The artist helped the tourist , or the manager waited .	Did the artist help the tourist ?	no
The bankers recognized the manager , or the judge avoided the actor .	Did the judge avoid the actor ?	no
The actors waited , or the managers recommended the professor .	Did the actors wait ?	no
The banker recognized the judge , or the president contacted the students .	Did the president contact the students ?	no
The bankers introduced the scientists , or the secretary ran .	Did the secretary run ?	no
The manager stopped the student , or the doctor recommended the athlete .	Did the manager stop the student ?	no
The tourist arrived , or the president contacted the artists .	Did the president contact the artists ?	no
The professors saw the students , or the secretaries recommended the tourists .	Did the professors see the students ?	no
The senators supported the tourist , or the secretary contacted the lawyer .	Did the senators support the tourist ?	no
The president shouted , or the bankers danced .	Did the president shout ?	no
The bankers called the tourist , or the athletes encouraged the scientist .	Did the athletes encourage the scientist ?	no
The senator supported the tourist , or the professors advised the president .	Did the senator support the tourist ?	no
The managers saw the students , or the bankers ran .	Did the managers see the students ?	no
The president helped the author , or the scientist contacted the senator .	Did the president help the author ?	no
The professor stopped the managers , or the athlete introduced the presidents .	Did the athlete introduce the presidents ?	no
The authors admired the student , or the senator helped the professors .	Did the authors admire the student ?	no
The judges thanked the athletes , or the manager recognized the presidents .	Did the manager recognize the presidents ?	no
The lawyers resigned , or the bankers advised the doctors .	Did the lawyers resign ?	no
The lawyer arrived , or the presidents ran .	Did the lawyer arrive ?	no
The scientists encouraged the bankers , or the doctor called the judges .	Did the doctor call the judges ?	no
The president advised the students , or the senator introduced the secretary .	Did the president advise the students ?	no
The actors slept , or the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	no
The actor arrived , or the artists encouraged the doctor .	Did the artists encourage the doctor ?	no
The secretary danced , or the actor recognized the banker .	Did the actor recognize the banker ?	no
The banker resigned , or the students encouraged the professor .	Did the students encourage the professor ?	no
The athletes ran , or the lawyer advised the actor .	Did the athletes run ?	no
The professor recommended the scientist , or the lawyers admired the banker .	Did the professor recommend the scientist ?	no
The secretary performed , or the judges arrived .	Did the judges arrive ?	no
The scientist saw the doctor , or the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	no
The judges introduced the author , or the actor encouraged the manager .	Did the actor encourage the manager ?	no
The banker danced , or the presidents supported the manager .	Did the presidents support the manager ?	no
The banker introduced the tourists , or the artist slept .	Did the banker introduce the tourists ?	no
The judge recognized the bankers , or the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	no
The banker encouraged the manager , or the artist recommended the tourist .	Did the artist recommend the tourist ?	no
The actor avoided the student , or the artist saw the managers .	Did the actor avoid the student ?	no
The lawyer recommended the actors , or the artist arrived .	Did the artist arrive ?	no
The student ran , or the senator arrived .	Did the student run ?	no
The senators called the judges , or the actors resigned .	Did the senators call the judges ?	no
The scientist thanked the artist , or the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	no
The scientist helped the actors , or the president thanked the lawyers .	Did the scientist help the actors ?	no
The secretaries slept , or the banker avoided the manager .	Did the banker avoid the manager ?	no
The presidents contacted the scientist , or the secretaries encouraged the doctor .	Did the secretaries encourage the doctor ?	no
The doctors danced , or the actors advised the student .	Did the doctors dance ?	no
The banker performed , or the author saw the artists .	Did the author see the artists ?	no
The secretary supported the lawyers , or the artists contacted the banker .	Did the secretary support the lawyers ?	no
The professor ran , or the secretary danced .	Did the professor run ?	no
The tourist waited , or the doctors advised the senators .	Did the doctors advise the senators ?	no
The banker resigned , or the senator recommended the athletes .	Did the banker resign ?	no
The banker arrived , or the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	no
The senator called the judges , or the secretaries danced .	Did the senator call the judges ?	no
The athletes saw the tourists , or the judge encouraged the author .	Did the judge encourage the author ?	no
The students slept , or the manager danced .	Did the manager dance ?	no
The students saw the managers , or the artist danced .	Did the students see the managers ?	no
The actor avoided the judges , or the senator helped the presidents .	Did the actor avoid the judges ?	no
The artists thanked the tourists , or the banker mentioned the student .	Did the banker mention the student ?	no
The student danced , or the doctor contacted the president .	Did the student dance ?	no
The judge mentioned the senator , or the doctors avoided the scientists .	Did the doctors avoid the scientists ?	no
The athletes helped the professor , or the authors danced .	Did the authors dance ?	no
The judge stopped the professors , or the banker thanked the lawyers .	Did the banker thank the lawyers ?	no
The actor admired the secretaries , or the students believed the tourist .	Did the students believe the tourist ?	no
The scientist recognized the secretary , or the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	no
The scientists recommended the professors , or the actors mentioned the author .	Did the actors mention the author ?	no
The student mentioned the managers , or the authors slept .	Did the student mention the managers ?	no
The senators helped the manager , or the professors slept .	Did the professors sleep ?	no
The president danced , or the manager slept .	Did the manager sleep ?	no
The presidents stopped the athlete , or the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	no
The actors arrived , or the secretaries slept .	Did the actors arrive ?	no
The secretary recommended the author , or the artist stopped the scientists .	Did the artist stop the scientists ?	no
The presidents encouraged the tourist , or the athlete advised the bankers .	Did the presidents encourage the tourist ?	no
The authors encouraged the judge , or the students thanked the doctors .	Did the students thank the doctors ?	no
The athlete saw the judge , or the tourists mentioned the author .	Did the athlete see the judge ?	no
The doctors saw the tourists , or the senator ran .	Did the doctors see the tourists ?	no
The athletes helped the manager , or the actors recognized the presidents .	Did the athletes help the manager ?	no
The banker avoided the secretaries , or the professor contacted the doctors .	Did the banker avoid the secretaries ?	no
The athletes contacted the scientist , or the judges ran .	Did the judges run ?	no
The senators called the president , or the secretaries slept .	Did the senators call the president ?	no
The bankers slept , or the president supported the actors .	Did the bankers sleep ?	no
The managers admired the lawyers , or the author supported the artists .	Did the author support the artists ?	no
The actors performed , or the scientists ran .	Did the actors perform ?	no
The students avoided the authors , or the actors introduced the tourists .	Did the students avoid the authors ?	no
The scientist helped the artists , or the professors waited .	Did the scientist help the artists ?	no
The student introduced the tourist , or the bankers waited .	Did the bankers wait ?	no
The athletes encouraged the student , or the tourists thanked the managers .	Did the athletes encourage the student ?	no
The athlete admired the lawyers , or the actor contacted the presidents .	Did the athlete admire the lawyers ?	no
The professors helped the tourists , or the presidents advised the actors .	Did the presidents advise the actors ?	no
The managers resigned , or the actors arrived .	Did the managers resign ?	no
The professors advised the lawyers , or the president mentioned the actor .	Did the professors advise the lawyers ?	no
The actor danced , or the student admired the judge .	Did the student admire the judge ?	no
The senator advised the tourist , or the scientists thanked the lawyers .	Did the scientists thank the lawyers ?	no
The tourists thanked the athletes , or the senators slept .	Did the senators sleep ?	no
The banker believed the lawyers , or the students performed .	Did the banker believe the lawyers ?	no
The presidents resigned , or the senator performed .	Did the senator perform ?	no
The professors slept , or the tourists called the actors .	Did the tourists call the actors ?	no
The secretaries mentioned the senator , or the actor avoided the tourists .	Did the actor avoid the tourists ?	no
The presidents shouted , or the judge danced .	Did the judge dance ?	no
The artists stopped the manager , or the bankers waited .	Did the bankers wait ?	no
The artist advised the doctor , or the authors admired the students .	Did the artist advise the doctor ?	no
The manager danced , or the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	no
The artists ran , or the senators called the scientists .	Did the artists run ?	no
The professors waited , or the scientist recognized the athlete .	Did the professors wait ?	no
The secretary introduced the professor , or the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	no
The authors avoided the presidents , or the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	no
The scientist resigned , or the secretaries advised the president .	Did the scientist resign ?	no
The secretary recommended the bankers , or the author shouted .	Did the secretary recommend the bankers ?	no
The student recommended the author , or the presidents believed the managers .	Did the student recommend the author ?	no
The actors contacted the president , or the lawyers recommended the managers .	Did the lawyers recommend the managers ?	no
The artists slept , or the president contacted the senator .	Did the artists sleep ?	no
The manager supported the lawyers , or the secretaries performed .	Did the secretaries perform ?	no
The banker helped the tourists , or the president slept .	Did the president sleep ?	no
The presidents performed , or the scientists waited .	Did the scientists wait ?	no
The lawyer mentioned the judges , or the artists recommended the athlete .	Did the artists recommend the athlete ?	no
The presidents ran , or the artists recognized the manager .	Did the presidents run ?	no
The banker saw the student , or the manager believed the artist .	Did the banker see the student ?	no
The banker avoided the authors , or the judge introduced the secretaries .	Did the banker avoid the authors ?	no
The president performed , or the authors recommended the senator .	Did the authors recommend the senator ?	no
Hopefully the presidents introduced the doctors .	Did the presidents introduce the doctors ?	no
Probably the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
Maybe the author recommended the senators .	Did the author recommend the senators ?	no
Maybe the scientist admired the lawyers .	Did the scientist admire the lawyers ?	no
Probably the scientists recommended the artist .	Did the scientists recommend the artist ?	no
Maybe the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	no
Maybe the scientist stopped the artists .	Did the scientist stop the artists ?	no
Probably the artists saw the authors .	Did the artists see the authors ?	no
Probably the scientist ran .	Did the scientist run ?	no
Hopefully the actors encouraged the student .	Did the actors encourage the student ?	no
Maybe the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	no
Hopefully the doctor advised the bankers .	Did the doctor advise the bankers ?	no
Maybe the lawyers encouraged the actor .	Did the lawyers encourage the actor ?	no
Supposedly the judge danced .	Did the judge dance ?	no
Supposedly the president stopped the athletes .	Did the president stop the athletes ?	no
Supposedly the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	no
Supposedly the actors saw the student .	Did the actors see the student ?	no
Hopefully the banker recommended the artists .	Did the banker recommend the artists ?	no
Hopefully the athlete waited .	Did the athlete wait ?	no
Probably the actor recognized the tourist .	Did the actor recognize the tourist ?	no
Supposedly the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	no
Probably the professor helped the judges .	Did the professor help the judges ?	no
Supposedly the athlete slept .	Did the athlete sleep ?	no
Probably the secretaries waited .	Did the secretaries wait ?	no
Hopefully the tourists believed the students .	Did the tourists believe the students ?	no
Supposedly the president admired the senators .	Did the president admire the senators ?	no
Supposedly the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	no
Supposedly the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	no
Supposedly the managers resigned .	Did the managers resign ?	no
Hopefully the scientists thanked the banker .	Did the scientists thank the banker ?	no
Probably the secretaries called the judge .	Did the secretaries call the judge ?	no
Maybe the senators danced .	Did the senators dance ?	no
Probably the authors danced .	Did the authors dance ?	no
Probably the secretary admired the athlete .	Did the secretary admire the athlete ?	no
Hopefully the secretaries mentioned the doctors .	Did the secretaries mention the doctors ?	no
Maybe the judge resigned .	Did the judge resign ?	no
Maybe the lawyer advised the banker .	Did the lawyer advise the banker ?	no
Maybe the professor called the bankers .	Did the professor call the bankers ?	no
Probably the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	no
Probably the artists performed .	Did the artists perform ?	no
Probably the lawyers encouraged the artist .	Did the lawyers encourage the artist ?	no
Maybe the manager contacted the authors .	Did the manager contact the authors ?	no
Supposedly the actors helped the secretary .	Did the actors help the secretary ?	no
Hopefully the secretaries arrived .	Did the secretaries arrive ?	no
Probably the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	no
Hopefully the doctors mentioned the managers .	Did the doctors mention the managers ?	no
Probably the doctor slept .	Did the doctor sleep ?	no
Probably the tourist admired the artists .	Did the tourist admire the artists ?	no
Supposedly the president shouted .	Did the president shout ?	no
Maybe the professor waited .	Did the professor wait ?	no
Hopefully the bankers shouted .	Did the bankers shout ?	no
Probably the scientists slept .	Did the scientists sleep ?	no
Probably the students resigned .	Did the students resign ?	no
Hopefully the senators believed the professors .	Did the senators believe the professors ?	no
Supposedly the authors called the senator .	Did the authors call the senator ?	no
Maybe the athletes avoided the artists .	Did the athletes avoid the artists ?	no
Supposedly the bankers shouted .	Did the bankers shout ?	no
Hopefully the tourist recognized the managers .	Did the tourist recognize the managers ?	no
Hopefully the presidents recommended the actor .	Did the presidents recommend the actor ?	no
Hopefully the author saw the professors .	Did the author see the professors ?	no
Hopefully the manager performed .	Did the manager perform ?	no
Maybe the artist helped the students .	Did the artist help the students ?	no
Hopefully the actor avoided the managers .	Did the actor avoid the managers ?	no
Hopefully the managers performed .	Did the managers perform ?	no
Probably the secretary believed the tourist .	Did the secretary believe the tourist ?	no
Probably the bankers encouraged the professors .	Did the bankers encourage the professors ?	no
Hopefully the managers thanked the secretaries .	Did the managers thank the secretaries ?	no
Maybe the banker danced .	Did the banker dance ?	no
Supposedly the doctor called the professors .	Did the doctor call the professors ?	no
Supposedly the actor believed the artists .	Did the actor believe the artists ?	no
Maybe the bankers ran .	Did the bankers run ?	no
Supposedly the athlete advised the actor .	Did the athlete advise the actor ?	no
Hopefully the professors slept .	Did the professors sleep ?	no
Supposedly the author thanked the student .	Did the author thank the student ?	no
Supposedly the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	no
Probably the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	no
Maybe the lawyer stopped the tourists .	Did the lawyer stop the tourists ?	no
Probably the presidents resigned .	Did the presidents resign ?	no
Maybe the actors avoided the bankers .	Did the actors avoid the bankers ?	no
Maybe the senator stopped the professor .	Did the senator stop the professor ?	no
Supposedly the student thanked the artists .	Did the student thank the artists ?	no
Supposedly the managers recommended the banker .	Did the managers recommend the banker ?	no
Maybe the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	no
Hopefully the manager slept .	Did the manager sleep ?	no
Hopefully the managers encouraged the tourists .	Did the managers encourage the tourists ?	no
Maybe the judge encouraged the secretaries .	Did the judge encourage the secretaries ?	no
Hopefully the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	no
Maybe the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	no
Probably the authors performed .	Did the authors perform ?	no
Maybe the authors contacted the lawyers .	Did the authors contact the lawyers ?	no
Hopefully the athlete supported the doctor .	Did the athlete support the doctor ?	no
Hopefully the senator advised the bankers .	Did the senator advise the bankers ?	no
Maybe the presidents recommended the judges .	Did the presidents recommend the judges ?	no
Probably the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	no
Hopefully the bankers advised the professor .	Did the bankers advise the professor ?	no
Maybe the scientists thanked the tourist .	Did the scientists thank the tourist ?	no
Probably the professors advised the scientists .	Did the professors advise the scientists ?	no
Probably the authors advised the students .	Did the authors advise the students ?	no
Hopefully the athletes waited .	Did the athletes wait ?	no
Supposedly the actor mentioned the professors .	Did the actor mention the professors ?	no
Probably the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	no
Maybe the athletes waited .	Did the athletes wait ?	no
Hopefully the students performed .	Did the students perform ?	no
Supposedly the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
Supposedly the bankers believed the lawyer .	Did the bankers believe the lawyer ?	no
Probably the senator believed the professor .	Did the senator believe the professor ?	no
Maybe the judges saw the manager .	Did the judges see the manager ?	no
Maybe the athlete shouted .	Did the athlete shout ?	no
Probably the athlete danced .	Did the athlete dance ?	no
Probably the actors arrived .	Did the actors arrive ?	no
Hopefully the student introduced the doctor .	Did the student introduce the doctor ?	no
Hopefully the president mentioned the authors .	Did the president mention the authors ?	no
Supposedly the artists advised the judges .	Did the artists advise the judges ?	no
Hopefully the scientist stopped the president .	Did the scientist stop the president ?	no
Supposedly the doctor encouraged the managers .	Did the doctor encourage the managers ?	no
Maybe the managers arrived .	Did the managers arrive ?	no
Hopefully the actor believed the tourist .	Did the actor believe the tourist ?	no
Probably the authors stopped the senator .	Did the authors stop the senator ?	no
Probably the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	no
Maybe the manager performed .	Did the manager perform ?	no
Probably the judge introduced the lawyer .	Did the judge introduce the lawyer ?	no
Maybe the artists recognized the managers .	Did the artists recognize the managers ?	no
Probably the artist supported the author .	Did the artist support the author ?	no
Probably the tourists thanked the professors .	Did the tourists thank the professors ?	no
Supposedly the student waited .	Did the student wait ?	no
Maybe the professors helped the tourists .	Did the professors help the tourists ?	no
Supposedly the scientist encouraged the banker .	Did the scientist encourage the banker ?	no
Probably the judges admired the bankers .	Did the judges admire the bankers ?	no
Probably the senators performed .	Did the senators perform ?	no
Maybe the artist saw the lawyers .	Did the artist see the lawyers ?	no
Supposedly the president resigned .	Did the president resign ?	no
Maybe the actor avoided the lawyers .	Did the actor avoid the lawyers ?	no
Hopefully the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	no
Probably the senator waited .	Did the senator wait ?	no
Supposedly the athletes called the lawyer .	Did the athletes call the lawyer ?	no
Maybe the author introduced the judges .	Did the author introduce the judges ?	no
Hopefully the judges avoided the actor .	Did the judges avoid the actor ?	no
Supposedly the judge advised the tourist .	Did the judge advise the tourist ?	no
Hopefully the professors believed the banker .	Did the professors believe the banker ?	no
Probably the lawyers slept .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	no
Hopefully the authors saw the professor .	Did the authors see the professor ?	no
Maybe the athlete advised the lawyers .	Did the athlete advise the lawyers ?	no
Maybe the students avoided the doctor .	Did the students avoid the doctor ?	no
Hopefully the authors helped the senator .	Did the authors help the senator ?	no
Supposedly the scientist avoided the judges .	Did the scientist avoid the judges ?	no
Probably the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	no
Probably the professors recognized the tourist .	Did the professors recognize the tourist ?	no
Supposedly the actors avoided the doctors .	Did the actors avoid the doctors ?	no
Maybe the authors ran .	Did the authors run ?	no
Hopefully the artists contacted the senators .	Did the artists contact the senators ?	no
Maybe the lawyers called the athletes .	Did the lawyers call the athletes ?	no
Supposedly the managers believed the author .	Did the managers believe the author ?	no
Hopefully the presidents believed the doctor .	Did the presidents believe the doctor ?	no
Maybe the lawyers encouraged the judge .	Did the lawyers encourage the judge ?	no
Hopefully the banker contacted the judge .	Did the banker contact the judge ?	no
Maybe the actors called the professors .	Did the actors call the professors ?	no
Supposedly the bankers thanked the tourists .	Did the bankers thank the tourists ?	no
Probably the banker contacted the manager .	Did the banker contact the manager ?	no
Probably the judges supported the presidents .	Did the judges support the presidents ?	no
Hopefully the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	no
Hopefully the doctor resigned .	Did the doctor resign ?	no
Supposedly the professors thanked the student .	Did the professors thank the student ?	no
Maybe the managers advised the banker .	Did the managers advise the banker ?	no
Hopefully the athlete ran .	Did the athlete run ?	no
Supposedly the president mentioned the senator .	Did the president mention the senator ?	no
Probably the actor arrived .	Did the actor arrive ?	no
Probably the scientists avoided the tourists .	Did the scientists avoid the tourists ?	no
Maybe the tourists believed the secretaries .	Did the tourists believe the secretaries ?	no
Supposedly the tourist avoided the professors .	Did the tourist avoid the professors ?	no
Probably the author called the athletes .	Did the author call the athletes ?	no
Maybe the judges admired the manager .	Did the judges admire the manager ?	no
Supposedly the bankers believed the professors .	Did the bankers believe the professors ?	no
Probably the actor advised the students .	Did the actor advise the students ?	no
Probably the author ran .	Did the author run ?	no
Supposedly the doctor saw the scientists .	Did the doctor see the scientists ?	no
Hopefully the actor waited .	Did the actor wait ?	no
Hopefully the professors admired the scientist .	Did the professors admire the scientist ?	no
Hopefully the scientist resigned .	Did the scientist resign ?	no
Supposedly the judge resigned .	Did the judge resign ?	no
Maybe the athletes thanked the actors .	Did the athletes thank the actors ?	no
Maybe the bankers advised the secretaries .	Did the bankers advise the secretaries ?	no
Hopefully the senator believed the artists .	Did the senator believe the artists ?	no
Maybe the author shouted .	Did the author shout ?	no
Maybe the tourist avoided the doctor .	Did the tourist avoid the doctor ?	no
Probably the bankers encouraged the manager .	Did the bankers encourage the manager ?	no
Supposedly the senator recognized the author .	Did the senator recognize the author ?	no
Hopefully the student helped the tourist .	Did the student help the tourist ?	no
Maybe the secretary avoided the president .	Did the secretary avoid the president ?	no
Probably the students avoided the actors .	Did the students avoid the actors ?	no
Hopefully the artists arrived .	Did the artists arrive ?	no
Supposedly the lawyers thanked the senator .	Did the lawyers thank the senator ?	no
Hopefully the scientists stopped the athlete .	Did the scientists stop the athlete ?	no
Probably the lawyer recognized the authors .	Did the lawyer recognize the authors ?	no
Probably the tourists waited .	Did the tourists wait ?	no
Hopefully the judge supported the actor .	Did the judge support the actor ?	no
Hopefully the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	no
Hopefully the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	no
Supposedly the student mentioned the tourist .	Did the student mention the tourist ?	no
Probably the lawyer contacted the artists .	Did the lawyer contact the artists ?	no
Probably the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	no
Maybe the banker advised the tourist .	Did the banker advise the tourist ?	no
Supposedly the professor admired the secretaries .	Did the professor admire the secretaries ?	no
Supposedly the athletes advised the judge .	Did the athletes advise the judge ?	no
Hopefully the student called the judge .	Did the student call the judge ?	no
Hopefully the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	no
Hopefully the judges mentioned the doctor .	Did the judges mention the doctor ?	no
Supposedly the scientists recommended the bankers .	Did the scientists recommend the bankers ?	no
Hopefully the lawyer slept .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	no
Supposedly the student called the banker .	Did the student call the banker ?	no
Maybe the lawyers slept .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	no
Supposedly the senator encouraged the secretary .	Did the senator encourage the secretary ?	no
Maybe the scientist introduced the managers .	Did the scientist introduce the managers ?	no
Hopefully the bankers avoided the managers .	Did the bankers avoid the managers ?	no
Maybe the athlete believed the president .	Did the athlete believe the president ?	no
Probably the doctors waited .	Did the doctors wait ?	no
Maybe the manager supported the scientists .	Did the manager support the scientists ?	no
Hopefully the doctors avoided the actor .	Did the doctors avoid the actor ?	no
Maybe the professor thanked the athletes .	Did the professor thank the athletes ?	no
Probably the doctors admired the manager .	Did the doctors admire the manager ?	no
Probably the lawyers saw the secretary .	Did the lawyers see the secretary ?	no
Hopefully the actors stopped the professors .	Did the actors stop the professors ?	no
Hopefully the secretary thanked the author .	Did the secretary thank the author ?	no
Maybe the banker introduced the senator .	Did the banker introduce the senator ?	no
Maybe the doctors introduced the lawyer .	Did the doctors introduce the lawyer ?	no
Supposedly the president introduced the actors .	Did the president introduce the actors ?	no
Supposedly the tourists waited .	Did the tourists wait ?	no
Hopefully the tourists advised the managers .	Did the tourists advise the managers ?	no
Hopefully the professors stopped the actor .	Did the professors stop the actor ?	no
Hopefully the scientist performed .	Did the scientist perform ?	no
Supposedly the authors performed .	Did the authors perform ?	no
Probably the professor saw the author .	Did the professor see the author ?	no
Hopefully the president waited .	Did the president wait ?	no
Probably the scientists arrived .	Did the scientists arrive ?	no
Hopefully the manager stopped the artists .	Did the manager stop the artists ?	no
Supposedly the tourist danced .	Did the tourist dance ?	no
Hopefully the actor called the bankers .	Did the actor call the bankers ?	no
Probably the tourists mentioned the secretaries .	Did the tourists mention the secretaries ?	no
Maybe the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	no
Maybe the tourist called the professors .	Did the tourist call the professors ?	no
Probably the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	no
Hopefully the banker recommended the presidents .	Did the banker recommend the presidents ?	no
Hopefully the tourist shouted .	Did the tourist shout ?	no
Probably the senator believed the author .	Did the senator believe the author ?	no
Maybe the senators slept .	Did the senators sleep ?	no
Maybe the professors thanked the secretaries .	Did the professors thank the secretaries ?	no
Supposedly the athletes thanked the managers .	Did the athletes thank the managers ?	no
Maybe the judge mentioned the artists .	Did the judge mention the artists ?	no
Probably the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	no
Maybe the banker called the managers .	Did the banker call the managers ?	no
Maybe the lawyers contacted the judges .	Did the lawyers contact the judges ?	no
Maybe the athlete thanked the secretary .	Did the athlete thank the secretary ?	no
Hopefully the senators mentioned the scientists .	Did the senators mention the scientists ?	no
Maybe the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	no
Supposedly the actor slept .	Did the actor sleep ?	no
Maybe the secretary recognized the bankers .	Did the secretary recognize the bankers ?	no
Maybe the tourists performed .	Did the tourists perform ?	no
Probably the presidents recommended the actors .	Did the presidents recommend the actors ?	no
Maybe the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	no
Supposedly the senator waited .	Did the senator wait ?	no
Hopefully the bankers waited .	Did the bankers wait ?	no
Hopefully the artists waited .	Did the artists wait ?	no
Hopefully the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	no
Hopefully the managers shouted .	Did the managers shout ?	no
Maybe the athlete slept .	Did the athlete sleep ?	no
Hopefully the judge supported the senators .	Did the judge support the senators ?	no
Probably the lawyers arrived .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	no
Supposedly the lawyers stopped the manager .	Did the lawyers stop the manager ?	no
Maybe the bankers encouraged the tourist .	Did the bankers encourage the tourist ?	no
Maybe the scientists stopped the athletes .	Did the scientists stop the athletes ?	no
Hopefully the senator performed .	Did the senator perform ?	no
Hopefully the tourists helped the students .	Did the tourists help the students ?	no
Supposedly the tourists recognized the doctors .	Did the tourists recognize the doctors ?	no
Supposedly the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	no
Maybe the secretaries arrived .	Did the secretaries arrive ?	no
Hopefully the banker arrived .	Did the banker arrive ?	no
Hopefully the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
Probably the professors resigned .	Did the professors resign ?	no
Hopefully the secretaries stopped the scientists .	Did the secretaries stop the scientists ?	no
Hopefully the bankers ran .	Did the bankers run ?	no
Hopefully the manager admired the lawyers .	Did the manager admire the lawyers ?	no
Maybe the students resigned .	Did the students resign ?	no
Probably the athletes saw the tourist .	Did the athletes see the tourist ?	no
Supposedly the senators supported the athlete .	Did the senators support the athlete ?	no
Supposedly the manager stopped the president .	Did the manager stop the president ?	no
Hopefully the judge advised the student .	Did the judge advise the student ?	no
Hopefully the judge mentioned the doctors .	Did the judge mention the doctors ?	no
Probably the bankers thanked the actors .	Did the bankers thank the actors ?	no
Maybe the tourist supported the professors .	Did the tourist support the professors ?	no
Maybe the actors mentioned the banker .	Did the actors mention the banker ?	no
Maybe the artist slept .	Did the artist sleep ?	no
Supposedly the senator advised the author .	Did the senator advise the author ?	no
Probably the authors mentioned the scientist .	Did the authors mention the scientist ?	no
Hopefully the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	no
Hopefully the doctors encouraged the bankers .	Did the doctors encourage the bankers ?	no
Probably the athlete thanked the professors .	Did the athlete thank the professors ?	no
Maybe the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	no
Supposedly the lawyer believed the tourist .	Did the lawyer believe the tourist ?	no
Hopefully the authors resigned .	Did the authors resign ?	no
Hopefully the judges stopped the artist .	Did the judges stop the artist ?	no
Hopefully the scientist recommended the lawyer .	Did the scientist recommend the lawyer ?	no
Supposedly the manager admired the student .	Did the manager admire the student ?	no
Supposedly the judges mentioned the lawyers .	Did the judges mention the lawyers ?	no
Probably the bankers avoided the secretary .	Did the bankers avoid the secretary ?	no
Supposedly the manager arrived .	Did the manager arrive ?	no
Hopefully the managers introduced the athletes .	Did the managers introduce the athletes ?	no
Maybe the students saw the professors .	Did the students see the professors ?	no
Maybe the lawyer mentioned the president .	Did the lawyer mention the president ?	no
Probably the artists arrived .	Did the artists arrive ?	no
Supposedly the secretaries arrived .	Did the secretaries arrive ?	no
Probably the bankers recommended the senator .	Did the bankers recommend the senator ?	no
Probably the student waited .	Did the student wait ?	no
Maybe the tourist avoided the senators .	Did the tourist avoid the senators ?	no
Probably the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
Probably the students supported the president .	Did the students support the president ?	no
Hopefully the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	no
Maybe the artists contacted the senator .	Did the artists contact the senator ?	no
Maybe the senators recognized the doctor .	Did the senators recognize the doctor ?	no
Supposedly the senator shouted .	Did the senator shout ?	no
Supposedly the managers saw the secretary .	Did the managers see the secretary ?	no
Maybe the secretary arrived .	Did the secretary arrive ?	no
Probably the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	no
Maybe the bankers called the student .	Did the bankers call the student ?	no
Probably the presidents helped the secretary .	Did the presidents help the secretary ?	no
Hopefully the artist waited .	Did the artist wait ?	no
Probably the lawyers recommended the bankers .	Did the lawyers recommend the bankers ?	no
Maybe the banker helped the lawyer .	Did the banker help the lawyer ?	no
Supposedly the lawyers danced .	Did the lawyers dance ?	no
Probably the athletes supported the tourist .	Did the athletes support the tourist ?	no
Maybe the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	no
Probably the scientist performed .	Did the scientist perform ?	no
Maybe the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	no
Hopefully the judge danced .	Did the judge dance ?	no
Probably the professor arrived .	Did the professor arrive ?	no
Maybe the doctors encouraged the athlete .	Did the doctors encourage the athlete ?	no
Hopefully the presidents introduced the banker .	Did the presidents introduce the banker ?	no
Supposedly the manager recommended the senator .	Did the manager recommend the senator ?	no
Probably the students recognized the judges .	Did the students recognize the judges ?	no
Probably the senators encouraged the athletes .	Did the senators encourage the athletes ?	no
Supposedly the artists thanked the secretary .	Did the artists thank the secretary ?	no
Maybe the secretaries admired the judge .	Did the secretaries admire the judge ?	no
Probably the doctor mentioned the managers .	Did the doctor mention the managers ?	no
Probably the presidents stopped the professors .	Did the presidents stop the professors ?	no
Probably the artist called the banker .	Did the artist call the banker ?	no
Hopefully the actors believed the managers .	Did the actors believe the managers ?	no
Maybe the president avoided the secretary .	Did the president avoid the secretary ?	no
Maybe the actor mentioned the doctor .	Did the actor mention the doctor ?	no
Supposedly the athletes helped the lawyers .	Did the athletes help the lawyers ?	no
Maybe the secretaries helped the actor .	Did the secretaries help the actor ?	no
Probably the actors ran .	Did the actors run ?	no
Maybe the judges recommended the senators .	Did the judges recommend the senators ?	no
Supposedly the students mentioned the professor .	Did the students mention the professor ?	no
Maybe the lawyer encouraged the president .	Did the lawyer encourage the president ?	no
Maybe the lawyers ran .	Did the lawyers run ?	no
Maybe the bankers performed .	Did the bankers perform ?	no
Supposedly the banker recognized the lawyer .	Did the banker recognize the lawyer ?	no
Probably the managers advised the tourists .	Did the managers advise the tourists ?	no
Hopefully the presidents shouted .	Did the presidents shout ?	no
Supposedly the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	no
Probably the actors stopped the senators .	Did the actors stop the senators ?	no
Maybe the lawyer introduced the secretaries .	Did the lawyer introduce the secretaries ?	no
Hopefully the judge helped the bankers .	Did the judge help the bankers ?	no
Supposedly the president contacted the senators .	Did the president contact the senators ?	no
Hopefully the artists saw the senator .	Did the artists see the senator ?	no
Maybe the artists mentioned the athlete .	Did the artists mention the athlete ?	no
Maybe the professors called the bankers .	Did the professors call the bankers ?	no
Maybe the students performed .	Did the students perform ?	no
Maybe the artists advised the tourist .	Did the artists advise the tourist ?	no
Hopefully the professor ran .	Did the professor run ?	no
Maybe the students waited .	Did the students wait ?	no
Probably the secretaries saw the bankers .	Did the secretaries see the bankers ?	no
Probably the actors saw the banker .	Did the actors see the banker ?	no
Maybe the student encouraged the senators .	Did the student encourage the senators ?	no
Hopefully the athlete contacted the banker .	Did the athlete contact the banker ?	no
Maybe the doctor introduced the secretaries .	Did the doctor introduce the secretaries ?	no
Maybe the doctors arrived .	Did the doctors arrive ?	no
Supposedly the banker danced .	Did the banker dance ?	no
Hopefully the actors helped the secretaries .	Did the actors help the secretaries ?	no
Supposedly the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	no
Probably the professor believed the judge .	Did the professor believe the judge ?	no
Hopefully the manager arrived .	Did the manager arrive ?	no
Probably the actor resigned .	Did the actor resign ?	no
Maybe the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	no
Maybe the authors recognized the lawyer .	Did the authors recognize the lawyer ?	no
Hopefully the secretaries encouraged the senators .	Did the secretaries encourage the senators ?	no
Hopefully the doctors helped the senators .	Did the doctors help the senators ?	no
Hopefully the doctor mentioned the secretaries .	Did the doctor mention the secretaries ?	no
Supposedly the judge saw the athlete .	Did the judge see the athlete ?	no
Maybe the doctor supported the managers .	Did the doctor support the managers ?	no
Probably the professors recommended the actor .	Did the professors recommend the actor ?	no
Hopefully the author supported the artist .	Did the author support the artist ?	no
Maybe the bankers shouted .	Did the bankers shout ?	no
Maybe the professors stopped the doctors .	Did the professors stop the doctors ?	no
Hopefully the student resigned .	Did the student resign ?	no
Maybe the doctors mentioned the senators .	Did the doctors mention the senators ?	no
Hopefully the students waited .	Did the students wait ?	no
Hopefully the judge thanked the manager .	Did the judge thank the manager ?	no
Hopefully the tourists contacted the actor .	Did the tourists contact the actor ?	no
Hopefully the senator mentioned the scientist .	Did the senator mention the scientist ?	no
Hopefully the scientist mentioned the manager .	Did the scientist mention the manager ?	no
Probably the artists contacted the scientist .	Did the artists contact the scientist ?	no
Supposedly the doctors arrived .	Did the doctors arrive ?	no
Hopefully the secretaries believed the student .	Did the secretaries believe the student ?	no
Maybe the scientist waited .	Did the scientist wait ?	no
Supposedly the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	no
Maybe the tourist contacted the managers .	Did the tourist contact the managers ?	no
Supposedly the artists recommended the manager .	Did the artists recommend the manager ?	no
Probably the student believed the professor .	Did the student believe the professor ?	no
Probably the presidents supported the artists .	Did the presidents support the artists ?	no
Supposedly the lawyer slept .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	no
Supposedly the artists admired the scientists .	Did the artists admire the scientists ?	no
Hopefully the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	no
Probably the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	no
Maybe the author arrived .	Did the author arrive ?	no
Hopefully the students advised the doctors .	Did the students advise the doctors ?	no
Probably the banker called the authors .	Did the banker call the authors ?	no
Maybe the senator advised the managers .	Did the senator advise the managers ?	no
Hopefully the doctor called the banker .	Did the doctor call the banker ?	no
Probably the athlete recognized the senator .	Did the athlete recognize the senator ?	no
Hopefully the student supported the judges .	Did the student support the judges ?	no
Supposedly the students performed .	Did the students perform ?	no
Supposedly the artist recognized the senators .	Did the artist recognize the senators ?	no
Maybe the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	no
Supposedly the author mentioned the artists .	Did the author mention the artists ?	no
Hopefully the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	no
Hopefully the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	no
Hopefully the manager introduced the professor .	Did the manager introduce the professor ?	no
Supposedly the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	no
Supposedly the scientists thanked the secretary .	Did the scientists thank the secretary ?	no
Supposedly the authors called the student .	Did the authors call the student ?	no
Maybe the manager recognized the senator .	Did the manager recognize the senator ?	no
Probably the author called the tourist .	Did the author call the tourist ?	no
Supposedly the doctor helped the lawyers .	Did the doctor help the lawyers ?	no
Supposedly the tourist contacted the author .	Did the tourist contact the author ?	no
Maybe the professors avoided the president .	Did the professors avoid the president ?	no
Hopefully the banker contacted the senators .	Did the banker contact the senators ?	no
Hopefully the artist believed the tourists .	Did the artist believe the tourists ?	no
Maybe the actor stopped the president .	Did the actor stop the president ?	no
Maybe the author encouraged the banker .	Did the author encourage the banker ?	no
Supposedly the students avoided the tourists .	Did the students avoid the tourists ?	no
Hopefully the professors resigned .	Did the professors resign ?	no
Supposedly the student mentioned the artist .	Did the student mention the artist ?	no
Supposedly the author mentioned the tourist .	Did the author mention the tourist ?	no
Supposedly the actors saw the senators .	Did the actors see the senators ?	no
Hopefully the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	no
Probably the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	no
Supposedly the bankers waited .	Did the bankers wait ?	no
Maybe the banker advised the lawyer .	Did the banker advise the lawyer ?	no
Supposedly the actors avoided the lawyers .	Did the actors avoid the lawyers ?	no
Maybe the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	no
Supposedly the authors recognized the senator .	Did the authors recognize the senator ?	no
Supposedly the senators supported the authors .	Did the senators support the authors ?	no
Supposedly the artists believed the presidents .	Did the artists believe the presidents ?	no
Maybe the senators contacted the authors .	Did the senators contact the authors ?	no
Maybe the athlete helped the managers .	Did the athlete help the managers ?	no
Maybe the doctors saw the lawyer .	Did the doctors see the lawyer ?	no
Hopefully the senator avoided the students .	Did the senator avoid the students ?	no
Hopefully the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	no
Hopefully the athlete stopped the artist .	Did the athlete stop the artist ?	no
Probably the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	no
Hopefully the artists ran .	Did the artists run ?	no
Maybe the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	no
Probably the tourist encouraged the senators .	Did the tourist encourage the senators ?	no
Hopefully the doctor advised the authors .	Did the doctor advise the authors ?	no
Hopefully the doctors ran .	Did the doctors run ?	no
Hopefully the artists recognized the professors .	Did the artists recognize the professors ?	no
Maybe the actors resigned .	Did the actors resign ?	no
Maybe the student introduced the tourist .	Did the student introduce the tourist ?	no
Hopefully the lawyer recognized the senator .	Did the lawyer recognize the senator ?	no
Supposedly the artist helped the authors .	Did the artist help the authors ?	no
Maybe the lawyer saw the artist .	Did the lawyer see the artist ?	no
Supposedly the actors contacted the lawyer .	Did the actors contact the lawyer ?	no
Hopefully the athletes contacted the president .	Did the athletes contact the president ?	no
Supposedly the students ran .	Did the students run ?	no
Probably the athlete recognized the actor .	Did the athlete recognize the actor ?	no
Maybe the lawyer introduced the banker .	Did the lawyer introduce the banker ?	no
Hopefully the author recommended the lawyer .	Did the author recommend the lawyer ?	no
Probably the judge stopped the actors .	Did the judge stop the actors ?	no
Supposedly the tourists slept .	Did the tourists sleep ?	no
Probably the president saw the senators .	Did the president see the senators ?	no
Supposedly the professors introduced the doctor .	Did the professors introduce the doctor ?	no
Probably the author stopped the doctor .	Did the author stop the doctor ?	no
Hopefully the tourists slept .	Did the tourists sleep ?	no
Maybe the athletes advised the author .	Did the athletes advise the author ?	no
Maybe the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	no
Probably the authors contacted the judges .	Did the authors contact the judges ?	no
Hopefully the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	no
Maybe the artist stopped the judges .	Did the artist stop the judges ?	no
Maybe the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	no
Hopefully the manager saw the scientists .	Did the manager see the scientists ?	no
Supposedly the secretaries called the banker .	Did the secretaries call the banker ?	no
Probably the athletes called the authors .	Did the athletes call the authors ?	no
Supposedly the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	no
Supposedly the tourists contacted the professor .	Did the tourists contact the professor ?	no
Probably the judges called the tourist .	Did the judges call the tourist ?	no
Supposedly the doctors contacted the president .	Did the doctors contact the president ?	no
Hopefully the president performed .	Did the president perform ?	no
Probably the bankers recognized the artist .	Did the bankers recognize the artist ?	no
Hopefully the banker saw the doctors .	Did the banker see the doctors ?	no
Supposedly the doctors mentioned the presidents .	Did the doctors mention the presidents ?	no
Hopefully the professors recommended the scientist .	Did the professors recommend the scientist ?	no
Supposedly the artists mentioned the lawyer .	Did the artists mention the lawyer ?	no
Hopefully the doctors recognized the authors .	Did the doctors recognize the authors ?	no
Supposedly the students introduced the scientists .	Did the students introduce the scientists ?	no
Probably the presidents encouraged the students .	Did the presidents encourage the students ?	no
Hopefully the scientists contacted the students .	Did the scientists contact the students ?	no
Hopefully the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	no
Supposedly the banker avoided the author .	Did the banker avoid the author ?	no
Probably the athletes danced .	Did the athletes dance ?	no
Maybe the lawyer called the managers .	Did the lawyer call the managers ?	no
Probably the judges stopped the athletes .	Did the judges stop the athletes ?	no
Hopefully the athletes mentioned the tourist .	Did the athletes mention the tourist ?	no
Probably the athlete encouraged the presidents .	Did the athlete encourage the presidents ?	no
Supposedly the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	no
Hopefully the secretaries saw the artist .	Did the secretaries see the artist ?	no
Hopefully the actor resigned .	Did the actor resign ?	no
Maybe the lawyer mentioned the artists .	Did the lawyer mention the artists ?	no
Probably the lawyer introduced the secretaries .	Did the lawyer introduce the secretaries ?	no
Supposedly the actors called the students .	Did the actors call the students ?	no
Supposedly the managers introduced the professor .	Did the managers introduce the professor ?	no
Probably the manager advised the senators .	Did the manager advise the senators ?	no
Supposedly the secretary supported the professors .	Did the secretary support the professors ?	no
Maybe the actor encouraged the senator .	Did the actor encourage the senator ?	no
Hopefully the doctor waited .	Did the doctor wait ?	no
Supposedly the athlete recommended the managers .	Did the athlete recommend the managers ?	no
Supposedly the presidents avoided the lawyers .	Did the presidents avoid the lawyers ?	no
Probably the author avoided the banker .	Did the author avoid the banker ?	no
Maybe the banker slept .	Did the banker sleep ?	no
Probably the judges arrived .	Did the judges arrive ?	no
Supposedly the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	no
Probably the bankers called the professor .	Did the bankers call the professor ?	no
Supposedly the athletes stopped the professor .	Did the athletes stop the professor ?	no
Probably the senators ran .	Did the senators run ?	no
Supposedly the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	no
Maybe the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	no
Probably the lawyers thanked the actor .	Did the lawyers thank the actor ?	no
Supposedly the tourists advised the actors .	Did the tourists advise the actors ?	no
Supposedly the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	no
Probably the lawyers called the banker .	Did the lawyers call the banker ?	no
Supposedly the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	no
Supposedly the professor advised the athletes .	Did the professor advise the athletes ?	no
Probably the tourist helped the presidents .	Did the tourist help the presidents ?	no
Probably the scientist saw the judges .	Did the scientist see the judges ?	no
Supposedly the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	no
Maybe the professors contacted the secretaries .	Did the professors contact the secretaries ?	no
Hopefully the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	no
Maybe the athletes helped the tourist .	Did the athletes help the tourist ?	no
Probably the actor avoided the managers .	Did the actor avoid the managers ?	no
Supposedly the judges admired the scientists .	Did the judges admire the scientists ?	no
Probably the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	no
Probably the managers danced .	Did the managers dance ?	no
Probably the managers supported the student .	Did the managers support the student ?	no
Hopefully the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	no
Maybe the senators introduced the doctors .	Did the senators introduce the doctors ?	no
Supposedly the tourists introduced the managers .	Did the tourists introduce the managers ?	no
Hopefully the manager thanked the judge .	Did the manager thank the judge ?	no
Maybe the author avoided the secretary .	Did the author avoid the secretary ?	no
Hopefully the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	no
Maybe the tourist supported the lawyers .	Did the tourist support the lawyers ?	no
Maybe the lawyers believed the professor .	Did the lawyers believe the professor ?	no
Maybe the artist introduced the doctors .	Did the artist introduce the doctors ?	no
Supposedly the manager contacted the artist .	Did the manager contact the artist ?	no
Probably the professor advised the scientists .	Did the professor advise the scientists ?	no
Hopefully the president resigned .	Did the president resign ?	no
Hopefully the secretaries believed the artists .	Did the secretaries believe the artists ?	no
Supposedly the manager performed .	Did the manager perform ?	no
Supposedly the tourists performed .	Did the tourists perform ?	no
Probably the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	no
Maybe the actors mentioned the presidents .	Did the actors mention the presidents ?	no
Supposedly the doctor advised the judges .	Did the doctor advise the judges ?	no
Supposedly the presidents called the managers .	Did the presidents call the managers ?	no
Maybe the judge admired the managers .	Did the judge admire the managers ?	no
Maybe the athletes danced .	Did the athletes dance ?	no
Maybe the author avoided the lawyers .	Did the author avoid the lawyers ?	no
Probably the actor believed the manager .	Did the actor believe the manager ?	no
Probably the judges avoided the scientists .	Did the judges avoid the scientists ?	no
Supposedly the banker stopped the lawyer .	Did the banker stop the lawyer ?	no
Maybe the actors recognized the secretaries .	Did the actors recognize the secretaries ?	no
Probably the actor mentioned the judges .	Did the actor mention the judges ?	no
Hopefully the senators mentioned the artists .	Did the senators mention the artists ?	no
Maybe the president slept .	Did the president sleep ?	no
Maybe the president resigned .	Did the president resign ?	no
Probably the athlete advised the artist .	Did the athlete advise the artist ?	no
Hopefully the authors ran .	Did the authors run ?	no
Hopefully the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	no
Supposedly the lawyer believed the senator .	Did the lawyer believe the senator ?	no
Supposedly the president encouraged the bankers .	Did the president encourage the bankers ?	no
Hopefully the judges recommended the students .	Did the judges recommend the students ?	no
Hopefully the actors contacted the athletes .	Did the actors contact the athletes ?	no
Hopefully the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	no
Probably the secretary recommended the professors .	Did the secretary recommend the professors ?	no
Maybe the authors admired the professor .	Did the authors admire the professor ?	no
Hopefully the doctors stopped the secretary .	Did the doctors stop the secretary ?	no
Probably the artist stopped the senator .	Did the artist stop the senator ?	no
Supposedly the tourist admired the presidents .	Did the tourist admire the presidents ?	no
Hopefully the actors believed the president .	Did the actors believe the president ?	no
Maybe the secretaries called the students .	Did the secretaries call the students ?	no
Supposedly the professor stopped the scientist .	Did the professor stop the scientist ?	no
Maybe the judge supported the actor .	Did the judge support the actor ?	no
Probably the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	no
Maybe the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	no
Hopefully the judges performed .	Did the judges perform ?	no
Maybe the professors encouraged the secretaries .	Did the professors encourage the secretaries ?	no
Hopefully the banker danced .	Did the banker dance ?	no
Hopefully the athletes encouraged the doctors .	Did the athletes encourage the doctors ?	no
Maybe the professors believed the senators .	Did the professors believe the senators ?	no
Hopefully the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	no
Supposedly the secretary performed .	Did the secretary perform ?	no
Supposedly the authors arrived .	Did the authors arrive ?	no
Hopefully the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	no
Probably the artist waited .	Did the artist wait ?	no
Probably the president introduced the managers .	Did the president introduce the managers ?	no
Supposedly the authors admired the tourist .	Did the authors admire the tourist ?	no
Supposedly the secretaries waited .	Did the secretaries wait ?	no
Maybe the doctor mentioned the scientist .	Did the doctor mention the scientist ?	no
Probably the authors introduced the secretaries .	Did the authors introduce the secretaries ?	no
Hopefully the manager ran .	Did the manager run ?	no
Supposedly the actors advised the artist .	Did the actors advise the artist ?	no
Hopefully the senators advised the professors .	Did the senators advise the professors ?	no
Supposedly the senator mentioned the author .	Did the senator mention the author ?	no
Hopefully the actors slept .	Did the actors sleep ?	no
Probably the secretaries performed .	Did the secretaries perform ?	no
Hopefully the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	no
Probably the scientists waited .	Did the scientists wait ?	no
Probably the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	no
Supposedly the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	no
Supposedly the student called the judges .	Did the student call the judges ?	no
Maybe the managers thanked the lawyers .	Did the managers thank the lawyers ?	no
Probably the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	no
Maybe the professors supported the manager .	Did the professors support the manager ?	no
Supposedly the tourist helped the lawyer .	Did the tourist help the lawyer ?	no
Supposedly the student arrived .	Did the student arrive ?	no
Hopefully the author saw the student .	Did the author see the student ?	no
Probably the student slept .	Did the student sleep ?	no
Maybe the athlete called the secretary .	Did the athlete call the secretary ?	no
Probably the judges avoided the scientist .	Did the judges avoid the scientist ?	no
Supposedly the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	no
Maybe the lawyer ran .	Did the lawyer run ?	no
Supposedly the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	no
Maybe the artists performed .	Did the artists perform ?	no
Hopefully the actor avoided the author .	Did the actor avoid the author ?	no
Maybe the authors recommended the doctor .	Did the authors recommend the doctor ?	no
Supposedly the senator stopped the tourist .	Did the senator stop the tourist ?	no
Probably the tourists recommended the president .	Did the tourists recommend the president ?	no
Maybe the author encouraged the manager .	Did the author encourage the manager ?	no
Maybe the lawyers recommended the authors .	Did the lawyers recommend the authors ?	no
Probably the doctor believed the lawyers .	Did the doctor believe the lawyers ?	no
Supposedly the senators ran .	Did the senators run ?	no
Probably the presidents stopped the lawyer .	Did the presidents stop the lawyer ?	no
Probably the secretaries helped the doctors .	Did the secretaries help the doctors ?	no
Probably the senators saw the president .	Did the senators see the president ?	no
Supposedly the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	no
Supposedly the doctor supported the students .	Did the doctor support the students ?	no
Maybe the artists contacted the secretary .	Did the artists contact the secretary ?	no
Supposedly the senator called the athletes .	Did the senator call the athletes ?	no
Maybe the president mentioned the athlete .	Did the president mention the athlete ?	no
Probably the scientists resigned .	Did the scientists resign ?	no
Probably the author encouraged the tourists .	Did the author encourage the tourists ?	no
Supposedly the athletes encouraged the scientists .	Did the athletes encourage the scientists ?	no
Hopefully the president saw the student .	Did the president see the student ?	no
Hopefully the secretaries contacted the tourists .	Did the secretaries contact the tourists ?	no
Maybe the athlete supported the authors .	Did the athlete support the authors ?	no
Supposedly the actor called the bankers .	Did the actor call the bankers ?	no
Supposedly the president mentioned the professor .	Did the president mention the professor ?	no
Probably the actor recognized the students .	Did the actor recognize the students ?	no
Probably the senators thanked the banker .	Did the senators thank the banker ?	no
Hopefully the artists helped the senator .	Did the artists help the senator ?	no
Probably the tourist arrived .	Did the tourist arrive ?	no
Probably the managers thanked the doctors .	Did the managers thank the doctors ?	no
Hopefully the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	no
Hopefully the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	no
Hopefully the lawyers performed .	Did the lawyers perform ?	no
Supposedly the professor recognized the tourist .	Did the professor recognize the tourist ?	no
Hopefully the scientist slept .	Did the scientist sleep ?	no
Probably the tourists recommended the manager .	Did the tourists recommend the manager ?	no
Probably the scientist mentioned the lawyer .	Did the scientist mention the lawyer ?	no
Probably the lawyers danced .	Did the lawyers dance ?	no
Probably the student resigned .	Did the student resign ?	no
Hopefully the tourist avoided the senators .	Did the tourist avoid the senators ?	no
Supposedly the lawyers believed the students .	Did the lawyers believe the students ?	no
Maybe the scientists encouraged the athlete .	Did the scientists encourage the athlete ?	no
Maybe the professors introduced the doctor .	Did the professors introduce the doctor ?	no
Supposedly the doctors introduced the student .	Did the doctors introduce the student ?	no
Maybe the doctor thanked the secretary .	Did the doctor thank the secretary ?	no
Hopefully the actor recognized the presidents .	Did the actor recognize the presidents ?	no
Hopefully the students ran .	Did the students run ?	no
Supposedly the senator mentioned the tourists .	Did the senator mention the tourists ?	no
Maybe the senator advised the athletes .	Did the senator advise the athletes ?	no
Supposedly the secretary admired the senator .	Did the secretary admire the senator ?	no
Maybe the students arrived .	Did the students arrive ?	no
Supposedly the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	no
Supposedly the professor contacted the author .	Did the professor contact the author ?	no
Maybe the artists waited .	Did the artists wait ?	no
Hopefully the athletes encouraged the tourist .	Did the athletes encourage the tourist ?	no
Probably the tourists recommended the bankers .	Did the tourists recommend the bankers ?	no
Hopefully the scientist ran .	Did the scientist run ?	no
Supposedly the actors resigned .	Did the actors resign ?	no
Hopefully the professor contacted the tourist .	Did the professor contact the tourist ?	no
Probably the manager admired the athlete .	Did the manager admire the athlete ?	no
Maybe the secretaries called the doctor .	Did the secretaries call the doctor ?	no
Hopefully the doctors avoided the secretaries .	Did the doctors avoid the secretaries ?	no
Maybe the professor recognized the judges .	Did the professor recognize the judges ?	no
Hopefully the doctors introduced the senators .	Did the doctors introduce the senators ?	no
Maybe the scientist believed the lawyer .	Did the scientist believe the lawyer ?	no
Hopefully the tourist helped the banker .	Did the tourist help the banker ?	no
Supposedly the scientists thanked the lawyers .	Did the scientists thank the lawyers ?	no
Maybe the authors danced .	Did the authors dance ?	no
Probably the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	no
Supposedly the president advised the doctor .	Did the president advise the doctor ?	no
Hopefully the actors saw the lawyers .	Did the actors see the lawyers ?	no
Probably the judge avoided the athlete .	Did the judge avoid the athlete ?	no
Supposedly the tourist thanked the athlete .	Did the tourist thank the athlete ?	no
Maybe the professor mentioned the author .	Did the professor mention the author ?	no
Hopefully the professors believed the students .	Did the professors believe the students ?	no
Hopefully the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	no
Probably the doctor saw the authors .	Did the doctor see the authors ?	no
Supposedly the secretaries introduced the bankers .	Did the secretaries introduce the bankers ?	no
Probably the banker danced .	Did the banker dance ?	no
Maybe the author advised the artists .	Did the author advise the artists ?	no
Maybe the students encouraged the artist .	Did the students encourage the artist ?	no
Supposedly the secretary called the senators .	Did the secretary call the senators ?	no
Supposedly the secretary slept .	Did the secretary sleep ?	no
Maybe the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	no
Probably the secretaries contacted the doctor .	Did the secretaries contact the doctor ?	no
Maybe the presidents supported the senator .	Did the presidents support the senator ?	no
Hopefully the actor recognized the artists .	Did the actor recognize the artists ?	no
Maybe the artists slept .	Did the artists sleep ?	no
Probably the doctor admired the tourist .	Did the doctor admire the tourist ?	no
Probably the banker helped the secretary .	Did the banker help the secretary ?	no
Hopefully the managers contacted the banker .	Did the managers contact the banker ?	no
Supposedly the author shouted .	Did the author shout ?	no
Supposedly the tourists called the secretaries .	Did the tourists call the secretaries ?	no
Supposedly the students believed the athletes .	Did the students believe the athletes ?	no
Maybe the lawyers recognized the scientists .	Did the lawyers recognize the scientists ?	no
Probably the students mentioned the athlete .	Did the students mention the athlete ?	no
Probably the professors advised the actors .	Did the professors advise the actors ?	no
Hopefully the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	no
Hopefully the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	no
Supposedly the authors stopped the tourists .	Did the authors stop the tourists ?	no
Supposedly the athlete saw the artists .	Did the athlete see the artists ?	no
Hopefully the actors stopped the professor .	Did the actors stop the professor ?	no
Maybe the athlete introduced the scientist .	Did the athlete introduce the scientist ?	no
Supposedly the artists thanked the lawyers .	Did the artists thank the lawyers ?	no
Hopefully the manager shouted .	Did the manager shout ?	no
Hopefully the senators performed .	Did the senators perform ?	no
Probably the president stopped the athlete .	Did the president stop the athlete ?	no
Probably the lawyers mentioned the athlete .	Did the lawyers mention the athlete ?	no
Supposedly the senator arrived .	Did the senator arrive ?	no
Supposedly the athletes recommended the students .	Did the athletes recommend the students ?	no
Hopefully the president ran .	Did the president run ?	no
Supposedly the professor introduced the senator .	Did the professor introduce the senator ?	no
Probably the scientists encouraged the judges .	Did the scientists encourage the judges ?	no
Maybe the authors avoided the professor .	Did the authors avoid the professor ?	no
Maybe the managers introduced the athlete .	Did the managers introduce the athlete ?	no
Hopefully the banker ran .	Did the banker run ?	no
Probably the bankers avoided the artist .	Did the bankers avoid the artist ?	no
Supposedly the student supported the president .	Did the student support the president ?	no
Maybe the lawyers contacted the artist .	Did the lawyers contact the artist ?	no
Probably the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	no
Hopefully the secretaries helped the actors .	Did the secretaries help the actors ?	no
Hopefully the doctor recognized the presidents .	Did the doctor recognize the presidents ?	no
Hopefully the doctor slept .	Did the doctor sleep ?	no
Probably the secretary performed .	Did the secretary perform ?	no
Probably the scientists introduced the secretary .	Did the scientists introduce the secretary ?	no
Hopefully the lawyer admired the judge .	Did the lawyer admire the judge ?	no
Supposedly the banker encouraged the secretaries .	Did the banker encourage the secretaries ?	no
Probably the banker slept .	Did the banker sleep ?	no
Maybe the doctor mentioned the athlete .	Did the doctor mention the athlete ?	no
Maybe the student stopped the doctors .	Did the student stop the doctors ?	no
Supposedly the senators resigned .	Did the senators resign ?	no
Probably the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	no
Supposedly the professor recognized the president .	Did the professor recognize the president ?	no
Supposedly the tourist saw the bankers .	Did the tourist see the bankers ?	no
Probably the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	no
Probably the professors mentioned the athlete .	Did the professors mention the athlete ?	no
Hopefully the manager introduced the scientist .	Did the manager introduce the scientist ?	no
Supposedly the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	no
Supposedly the doctor advised the author .	Did the doctor advise the author ?	no
Supposedly the athletes arrived .	Did the athletes arrive ?	no
Supposedly the banker encouraged the students .	Did the banker encourage the students ?	no
Maybe the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	no
Supposedly the scientists mentioned the secretaries .	Did the scientists mention the secretaries ?	no
Probably the scientists mentioned the author .	Did the scientists mention the author ?	no
Maybe the tourists waited .	Did the tourists wait ?	no
Hopefully the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	no
Maybe the senator saw the professors .	Did the senator see the professors ?	no
Hopefully the senators recognized the artists .	Did the senators recognize the artists ?	no
Maybe the actor contacted the artists .	Did the actor contact the artists ?	no
Probably the students saw the authors .	Did the students see the authors ?	no
Supposedly the lawyers resigned .	Did the lawyers resign ?	no
Supposedly the professor contacted the actors .	Did the professor contact the actors ?	no
Supposedly the secretary stopped the banker .	Did the secretary stop the banker ?	no
Hopefully the secretaries slept .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	no
Hopefully the managers believed the authors .	Did the managers believe the authors ?	no
Maybe the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	no
Maybe the manager recommended the judge .	Did the manager recommend the judge ?	no
Supposedly the tourists recognized the secretaries .	Did the tourists recognize the secretaries ?	no
Supposedly the author introduced the athlete .	Did the author introduce the athlete ?	no
Probably the president resigned .	Did the president resign ?	no
Supposedly the senators saw the banker .	Did the senators see the banker ?	no
Hopefully the senator encouraged the scientists .	Did the senator encourage the scientists ?	no
Probably the scientists ran .	Did the scientists run ?	no
Probably the actors called the students .	Did the actors call the students ?	no
Hopefully the president advised the athlete .	Did the president advise the athlete ?	no
Probably the senators mentioned the artists .	Did the senators mention the artists ?	no
Supposedly the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	no
Probably the lawyers stopped the professor .	Did the lawyers stop the professor ?	no
Probably the lawyers supported the actor .	Did the lawyers support the actor ?	no
Hopefully the professor advised the actors .	Did the professor advise the actors ?	no
Maybe the tourist introduced the authors .	Did the tourist introduce the authors ?	no
Probably the banker ran .	Did the banker run ?	no
Probably the judge called the artists .	Did the judge call the artists ?	no
Probably the professors waited .	Did the professors wait ?	no
Probably the artist slept .	Did the artist sleep ?	no
Supposedly the secretaries advised the doctors .	Did the secretaries advise the doctors ?	no
Probably the secretaries thanked the manager .	Did the secretaries thank the manager ?	no
Hopefully the president shouted .	Did the president shout ?	no
Maybe the judge advised the athlete .	Did the judge advise the athlete ?	no
Hopefully the scientist stopped the actor .	Did the scientist stop the actor ?	no
Supposedly the professors arrived .	Did the professors arrive ?	no
Supposedly the lawyer mentioned the scientist .	Did the lawyer mention the scientist ?	no
Maybe the athlete believed the artists .	Did the athlete believe the artists ?	no
Maybe the professor introduced the student .	Did the professor introduce the student ?	no
Hopefully the doctors recommended the artist .	Did the doctors recommend the artist ?	no
Supposedly the artist introduced the scientist .	Did the artist introduce the scientist ?	no
Hopefully the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	no
Hopefully the doctor encouraged the senators .	Did the doctor encourage the senators ?	no
Maybe the scientist recommended the banker .	Did the scientist recommend the banker ?	no
Probably the professors recommended the manager .	Did the professors recommend the manager ?	no
Maybe the doctors supported the artists .	Did the doctors support the artists ?	no
Maybe the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	no
Hopefully the actor recommended the athlete .	Did the actor recommend the athlete ?	no
Maybe the scientists encouraged the actors .	Did the scientists encourage the actors ?	no
Hopefully the tourist admired the actor .	Did the tourist admire the actor ?	no
Maybe the scientists saw the student .	Did the scientists see the student ?	no
Supposedly the secretaries recommended the bankers .	Did the secretaries recommend the bankers ?	no
Maybe the doctors called the judge .	Did the doctors call the judge ?	no
Supposedly the author thanked the students .	Did the author thank the students ?	no
Probably the author danced .	Did the author dance ?	no
Supposedly the athlete encouraged the artist .	Did the athlete encourage the artist ?	no
Supposedly the doctors introduced the professors .	Did the doctors introduce the professors ?	no
Hopefully the scientists saw the banker .	Did the scientists see the banker ?	no
Hopefully the secretaries introduced the tourist .	Did the secretaries introduce the tourist ?	no
Maybe the managers admired the lawyers .	Did the managers admire the lawyers ?	no
Probably the scientists avoided the tourist .	Did the scientists avoid the tourist ?	no
Probably the presidents introduced the professors .	Did the presidents introduce the professors ?	no
Hopefully the author admired the judge .	Did the author admire the judge ?	no
Maybe the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	no
Probably the judge saw the athletes .	Did the judge see the athletes ?	no
Maybe the managers helped the doctors .	Did the managers help the doctors ?	no
Hopefully the authors contacted the president .	Did the authors contact the president ?	no
Hopefully the artist encouraged the tourists .	Did the artist encourage the tourists ?	no
Hopefully the senator mentioned the artists .	Did the senator mention the artists ?	no
Maybe the athletes saw the doctor .	Did the athletes see the doctor ?	no
Maybe the secretary encouraged the lawyers .	Did the secretary encourage the lawyers ?	no
Hopefully the students contacted the author .	Did the students contact the author ?	no
Probably the managers ran .	Did the managers run ?	no
Supposedly the bankers recommended the judges .	Did the bankers recommend the judges ?	no
Maybe the lawyer slept .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	no
Hopefully the senators slept .	Did the senators sleep ?	no
Maybe the lawyer saw the president .	Did the lawyer see the president ?	no
Maybe the scientist mentioned the secretaries .	Did the scientist mention the secretaries ?	no
Supposedly the actor avoided the bankers .	Did the actor avoid the bankers ?	no
Probably the secretary waited .	Did the secretary wait ?	no
Probably the president danced .	Did the president dance ?	no
Supposedly the scientists waited .	Did the scientists wait ?	no
Supposedly the scientists ran .	Did the scientists run ?	no
Supposedly the judge believed the tourist .	Did the judge believe the tourist ?	no
Probably the banker contacted the secretaries .	Did the banker contact the secretaries ?	no
Hopefully the judge encouraged the students .	Did the judge encourage the students ?	no
Probably the president believed the students .	Did the president believe the students ?	no
Hopefully the banker avoided the authors .	Did the banker avoid the authors ?	no
Hopefully the tourists mentioned the manager .	Did the tourists mention the manager ?	no
Probably the secretary called the artists .	Did the secretary call the artists ?	no
Supposedly the tourists helped the actors .	Did the tourists help the actors ?	no
Supposedly the scientists avoided the bankers .	Did the scientists avoid the bankers ?	no
Maybe the author advised the doctor .	Did the author advise the doctor ?	no
Supposedly the professor mentioned the athletes .	Did the professor mention the athletes ?	no
Supposedly the judges stopped the student .	Did the judges stop the student ?	no
Maybe the managers shouted .	Did the managers shout ?	no
Hopefully the author ran .	Did the author run ?	no
Supposedly the professor called the bankers .	Did the professor call the bankers ?	no
Supposedly the manager advised the president .	Did the manager advise the president ?	no
Supposedly the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	no
Probably the managers recognized the judge .	Did the managers recognize the judge ?	no
Supposedly the authors advised the lawyer .	Did the authors advise the lawyer ?	no
Maybe the actor arrived .	Did the actor arrive ?	no
Maybe the athlete mentioned the tourist .	Did the athlete mention the tourist ?	no
Probably the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	no
Probably the doctors recommended the actors .	Did the doctors recommend the actors ?	no
Supposedly the artist recognized the lawyer .	Did the artist recognize the lawyer ?	no
Probably the actor mentioned the tourist .	Did the actor mention the tourist ?	no
Supposedly the tourists resigned .	Did the tourists resign ?	no
Hopefully the tourists believed the athlete .	Did the tourists believe the athlete ?	no
Hopefully the tourist avoided the athlete .	Did the tourist avoid the athlete ?	no
Probably the managers stopped the author .	Did the managers stop the author ?	no
Supposedly the lawyers introduced the secretary .	Did the lawyers introduce the secretary ?	no
Supposedly the managers performed .	Did the managers perform ?	no
Probably the managers avoided the doctor .	Did the managers avoid the doctor ?	no
Maybe the secretaries recommended the bankers .	Did the secretaries recommend the bankers ?	no
Hopefully the manager danced .	Did the manager dance ?	no
Supposedly the scientists slept .	Did the scientists sleep ?	no
Supposedly the actor ran .	Did the actor run ?	no
Hopefully the doctor supported the lawyer .	Did the doctor support the lawyer ?	no
Supposedly the professors contacted the banker .	Did the professors contact the banker ?	no
Probably the judges admired the athletes .	Did the judges admire the athletes ?	no
Supposedly the secretary stopped the students .	Did the secretary stop the students ?	no
Hopefully the secretaries introduced the managers .	Did the secretaries introduce the managers ?	no
Hopefully the authors danced .	Did the authors dance ?	no
Hopefully the banker avoided the students .	Did the banker avoid the students ?	no
Probably the student avoided the presidents .	Did the student avoid the presidents ?	no
Probably the tourists recommended the secretaries .	Did the tourists recommend the secretaries ?	no
Supposedly the authors resigned .	Did the authors resign ?	no
Hopefully the lawyer shouted .	Did the lawyer shout ?	no
Probably the senator stopped the author .	Did the senator stop the author ?	no
Hopefully the senator believed the athlete .	Did the senator believe the athlete ?	no
Maybe the actor recommended the author .	Did the actor recommend the author ?	no
Hopefully the lawyers thanked the doctors .	Did the lawyers thank the doctors ?	no
Supposedly the doctors supported the lawyer .	Did the doctors support the lawyer ?	no
Supposedly the author performed .	Did the author perform ?	no
Probably the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	no
Maybe the actor admired the banker .	Did the actor admire the banker ?	no
Maybe the scientists called the athlete .	Did the scientists call the athlete ?	no
Hopefully the presidents resigned .	Did the presidents resign ?	no
Maybe the professor thanked the president .	Did the professor thank the president ?	no
Supposedly the lawyer avoided the author .	Did the lawyer avoid the author ?	no
Hopefully the lawyers helped the doctor .	Did the lawyers help the doctor ?	no
Probably the banker stopped the judge .	Did the banker stop the judge ?	no
Hopefully the artists helped the president .	Did the artists help the president ?	no
Maybe the lawyer recognized the secretary .	Did the lawyer recognize the secretary ?	no
Supposedly the students supported the athletes .	Did the students support the athletes ?	no
Supposedly the doctors avoided the senators .	Did the doctors avoid the senators ?	no
Supposedly the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	no
Hopefully the judge helped the tourist .	Did the judge help the tourist ?	no
Maybe the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	no
Maybe the lawyers believed the doctor .	Did the lawyers believe the doctor ?	no
Probably the banker waited .	Did the banker wait ?	no
Hopefully the artists mentioned the lawyer .	Did the artists mention the lawyer ?	no
Supposedly the authors stopped the athletes .	Did the authors stop the athletes ?	no
Probably the managers performed .	Did the managers perform ?	no
Probably the artists helped the scientist .	Did the artists help the scientist ?	no
Probably the athlete waited .	Did the athlete wait ?	no
Supposedly the actor advised the students .	Did the actor advise the students ?	no
Hopefully the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	no
Probably the athletes resigned .	Did the athletes resign ?	no
Probably the judges thanked the presidents .	Did the judges thank the presidents ?	no
Hopefully the judge avoided the lawyers .	Did the judge avoid the lawyers ?	no
Hopefully the senators contacted the doctors .	Did the senators contact the doctors ?	no
Maybe the athlete avoided the tourist .	Did the athlete avoid the tourist ?	no
Supposedly the secretaries contacted the actor .	Did the secretaries contact the actor ?	no
Supposedly the senators supported the lawyers .	Did the senators support the lawyers ?	no
Hopefully the judges encouraged the bankers .	Did the judges encourage the bankers ?	no
Hopefully the artist introduced the judges .	Did the artist introduce the judges ?	no
Maybe the senator avoided the doctor .	Did the senator avoid the doctor ?	no
Maybe the artist supported the bankers .	Did the artist support the bankers ?	no
Probably the artists thanked the senator .	Did the artists thank the senator ?	no
Supposedly the lawyers contacted the secretary .	Did the lawyers contact the secretary ?	no
Supposedly the professor called the judge .	Did the professor call the judge ?	no
Hopefully the actors mentioned the banker .	Did the actors mention the banker ?	no
Maybe the secretary advised the managers .	Did the secretary advise the managers ?	no
Probably the senators advised the artist .	Did the senators advise the artist ?	no
Probably the senator recommended the judge .	Did the senator recommend the judge ?	no
Maybe the senator recognized the author .	Did the senator recognize the author ?	no
Probably the banker thanked the actor .	Did the banker thank the actor ?	no
Hopefully the doctors danced .	Did the doctors dance ?	no
Probably the scientist encouraged the professors .	Did the scientist encourage the professors ?	no
Supposedly the author avoided the tourist .	Did the author avoid the tourist ?	no
Supposedly the manager encouraged the tourists .	Did the manager encourage the tourists ?	no
Probably the lawyer arrived .	Did the lawyer arrive ?	no
Probably the senators slept .	Did the senators sleep ?	no
Supposedly the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	no
Probably the senator saw the students .	Did the senator see the students ?	no
Maybe the students recognized the managers .	Did the students recognize the managers ?	no
Probably the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	no
Hopefully the authors introduced the president .	Did the authors introduce the president ?	no
Maybe the artists shouted .	Did the artists shout ?	no
Supposedly the athlete saw the tourist .	Did the athlete see the tourist ?	no
Probably the athletes saw the secretaries .	Did the athletes see the secretaries ?	no
Probably the tourist admired the actor .	Did the tourist admire the actor ?	no
Probably the authors thanked the manager .	Did the authors thank the manager ?	no
Hopefully the athlete resigned .	Did the athlete resign ?	no
Supposedly the athlete contacted the president .	Did the athlete contact the president ?	no
Maybe the tourists supported the secretary .	Did the tourists support the secretary ?	no
Hopefully the athlete called the senators .	Did the athlete call the senators ?	no
Hopefully the author encouraged the managers .	Did the author encourage the managers ?	no
Probably the managers saw the athlete .	Did the managers see the athlete ?	no
Maybe the doctor ran .	Did the doctor run ?	no
Supposedly the author encouraged the doctors .	Did the author encourage the doctors ?	no
Supposedly the professors called the judges .	Did the professors call the judges ?	no
Hopefully the artists encouraged the bankers .	Did the artists encourage the bankers ?	no
Probably the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	no
Maybe the student recommended the judge .	Did the student recommend the judge ?	no
Hopefully the bankers advised the athlete .	Did the bankers advise the athlete ?	no
Hopefully the doctors admired the presidents .	Did the doctors admire the presidents ?	no
Probably the secretaries stopped the doctors .	Did the secretaries stop the doctors ?	no
Maybe the professors supported the tourists .	Did the professors support the tourists ?	no
Maybe the professors admired the students .	Did the professors admire the students ?	no
Probably the presidents avoided the bankers .	Did the presidents avoid the bankers ?	no
Maybe the presidents advised the student .	Did the presidents advise the student ?	no
Probably the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	no
Supposedly the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	no
Before the presidents ran , the tourist shouted .	Did the presidents run ?	yes
Though the doctor recognized the author , the banker supported the lawyers .	Did the doctor recognize the author ?	yes
Although the tourist thanked the student , the judges recommended the athlete .	Did the tourist thank the student ?	yes
Since the professor arrived , the senator saw the tourist .	Did the professor arrive ?	yes
Because the banker performed , the professors slept .	Did the banker perform ?	yes
Though the authors saw the managers , the banker helped the tourists .	Did the authors see the managers ?	yes
Because the banker ran , the doctors saw the professors .	Did the banker run ?	yes
While the artist danced , the presidents performed .	Did the artist dance ?	yes
Though the senator called the judges , the students admired the tourists .	Did the senator call the judges ?	yes
Though the judges waited , the athlete danced .	Did the judges wait ?	yes
After the tourist called the professors , the doctors resigned .	Did the tourist call the professors ?	yes
Before the senator waited , the scientist performed .	Did the senator wait ?	yes
Although the author stopped the judge , the managers slept .	Did the author stop the judge ?	yes
Although the athlete recognized the student , the president saw the tourist .	Did the athlete recognize the student ?	yes
After the secretaries waited , the presidents slept .	Did the secretaries wait ?	yes
After the doctors ran , the student resigned .	Did the doctors run ?	yes
Though the artists recommended the bankers , the actors advised the lawyer .	Did the artists recommend the bankers ?	yes
Since the tourist stopped the authors , the manager helped the banker .	Did the tourist stop the authors ?	yes
Since the authors avoided the senators , the doctors waited .	Did the authors avoid the senators ?	yes
While the doctor contacted the secretaries , the tourist recognized the athlete .	Did the doctor contact the secretaries ?	yes
Since the senators recognized the artists , the lawyers resigned .	Did the senators recognize the artists ?	yes
After the secretaries supported the athlete , the artists recognized the banker .	Did the secretaries support the athlete ?	yes
While the scientist slept , the lawyer thanked the actors .	Did the scientist sleep ?	yes
After the tourist danced , the student avoided the professors .	Did the tourist dance ?	yes
Because the judges danced , the author introduced the professor .	Did the judges dance ?	yes
Since the senators helped the tourist , the student supported the actors .	Did the senators help the tourist ?	yes
Since the president shouted , the doctor encouraged the tourists .	Did the president shout ?	yes
Although the athletes believed the senator , the students recommended the secretary .	Did the athletes believe the senator ?	yes
Because the student danced , the tourist performed .	Did the student dance ?	yes
Although the doctor shouted , the tourist danced .	Did the doctor shout ?	yes
Though the bankers saw the actor , the scientists resigned .	Did the bankers see the actor ?	yes
Since the artists called the students , the judges waited .	Did the artists call the students ?	yes
Since the scientists arrived , the lawyer slept .	Did the scientists arrive ?	yes
After the judges slept , the bankers admired the author .	Did the judges sleep ?	yes
Before the judges advised the actor , the student mentioned the senators .	Did the judges advise the actor ?	yes
Though the judge avoided the students , the lawyer mentioned the secretary .	Did the judge avoid the students ?	yes
While the senator resigned , the tourist mentioned the secretary .	Did the senator resign ?	yes
While the tourists recognized the secretaries , the judge helped the banker .	Did the tourists recognize the secretaries ?	yes
Because the bankers avoided the author , the secretaries arrived .	Did the bankers avoid the author ?	yes
Although the banker supported the authors , the scientist waited .	Did the banker support the authors ?	yes
While the artists stopped the doctors , the president called the student .	Did the artists stop the doctors ?	yes
Since the tourists danced , the managers avoided the students .	Did the tourists dance ?	yes
While the judge recommended the manager , the actors performed .	Did the judge recommend the manager ?	yes
Since the secretary contacted the actor , the tourists avoided the president .	Did the secretary contact the actor ?	yes
Because the tourists encouraged the lawyer , the athlete recommended the managers .	Did the tourists encourage the lawyer ?	yes
Though the artist helped the professors , the president arrived .	Did the artist help the professors ?	yes
Since the manager arrived , the professor avoided the actors .	Did the manager arrive ?	yes
Though the actor encouraged the banker , the lawyer danced .	Did the actor encourage the banker ?	yes
Though the doctor called the secretary , the senators shouted .	Did the doctor call the secretary ?	yes
Before the senator avoided the authors , the judges arrived .	Did the senator avoid the authors ?	yes
Although the doctors supported the authors , the lawyers encouraged the actor .	Did the doctors support the authors ?	yes
Because the managers stopped the bankers , the judges shouted .	Did the managers stop the bankers ?	yes
Before the judges resigned , the scientists encouraged the manager .	Did the judges resign ?	yes
Before the banker resigned , the lawyers waited .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
While the secretary shouted , the actors called the managers .	Did the secretary shout ?	yes
Though the artists advised the judges , the banker recommended the manager .	Did the artists advise the judges ?	yes
After the doctors called the artist , the judge advised the athlete .	Did the doctors call the artist ?	yes
Though the secretaries resigned , the tourists performed .	Did the secretaries resign ?	yes
Although the professor advised the students , the artists encouraged the judges .	Did the professor advise the students ?	yes
Though the athletes resigned , the actor admired the artists .	Did the athletes resign ?	yes
Because the actor shouted , the lawyers encouraged the artist .	Did the actor shout ?	yes
Before the students avoided the manager , the artist called the author .	Did the students avoid the manager ?	yes
Although the banker introduced the lawyers , the judges avoided the student .	Did the banker introduce the lawyers ?	yes
Because the managers helped the athletes , the secretary contacted the judge .	Did the managers help the athletes ?	yes
Before the scientist supported the tourists , the actor waited .	Did the scientist support the tourists ?	yes
Before the professors supported the student , the bankers performed .	Did the professors support the student ?	yes
While the students resigned , the athletes mentioned the artist .	Did the students resign ?	yes
While the artist danced , the managers arrived .	Did the artist dance ?	yes
While the lawyer performed , the tourist admired the scientists .	Did the lawyer perform ?	yes
Although the senators waited , the authors resigned .	Did the senators wait ?	yes
Because the actor encouraged the doctor , the lawyer resigned .	Did the actor encourage the doctor ?	yes
Before the presidents supported the athletes , the managers danced .	Did the presidents support the athletes ?	yes
Though the tourist resigned , the authors mentioned the judges .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
Because the manager helped the actor , the doctors ran .	Did the manager help the actor ?	yes
Before the doctor mentioned the actors , the professor ran .	Did the doctor mention the actors ?	yes
After the senator danced , the doctors supported the artist .	Did the senator dance ?	yes
While the lawyer admired the doctor , the scientist recommended the manager .	Did the lawyer admire the doctor ?	yes
Because the scientist avoided the artist , the athlete ran .	Did the scientist avoid the artist ?	yes
After the doctors shouted , the author helped the banker .	Did the doctors shout ?	yes
Since the secretaries recognized the managers , the athletes arrived .	Did the secretaries recognize the managers ?	yes
Although the authors stopped the student , the manager recommended the senators .	Did the authors stop the student ?	yes
After the senators arrived , the professor mentioned the president .	Did the senators arrive ?	yes
Since the president danced , the actors saw the banker .	Did the president dance ?	yes
Because the doctors danced , the artist believed the authors .	Did the doctors dance ?	yes
While the athletes mentioned the artists , the managers called the bankers .	Did the athletes mention the artists ?	yes
While the professors helped the presidents , the author saw the judges .	Did the professors help the presidents ?	yes
Before the presidents encouraged the actor , the tourist contacted the students .	Did the presidents encourage the actor ?	yes
Though the lawyers introduced the athletes , the artist saw the doctors .	Did the lawyers introduce the athletes ?	yes
After the authors contacted the athletes , the professors believed the secretaries .	Did the authors contact the athletes ?	yes
Although the scientist waited , the banker shouted .	Did the scientist wait ?	yes
Because the actors stopped the doctor , the tourists thanked the students .	Did the actors stop the doctor ?	yes
Although the actor danced , the presidents resigned .	Did the actor dance ?	yes
Though the judges admired the artists , the doctors believed the professors .	Did the judges admire the artists ?	yes
Since the presidents encouraged the professor , the senator admired the judges .	Did the presidents encourage the professor ?	yes
After the managers performed , the scientist stopped the students .	Did the managers perform ?	yes
Though the authors saw the student , the actors performed .	Did the authors see the student ?	yes
Because the professor mentioned the doctor , the president avoided the artists .	Did the professor mention the doctor ?	yes
Though the lawyers encouraged the scientist , the manager performed .	Did the lawyers encourage the scientist ?	yes
Though the actor believed the authors , the doctors ran .	Did the actor believe the authors ?	yes
Although the tourist avoided the judges , the athletes recommended the actor .	Did the tourist avoid the judges ?	yes
Before the scientist arrived , the manager contacted the presidents .	Did the scientist arrive ?	yes
Because the professors danced , the judges slept .	Did the professors dance ?	yes
Before the lawyer admired the artists , the managers contacted the presidents .	Did the lawyer admire the artists ?	yes
Though the secretary danced , the actors slept .	Did the secretary dance ?	yes
While the managers ran , the doctor recommended the senators .	Did the managers run ?	yes
Since the bankers believed the manager , the lawyers helped the judge .	Did the bankers believe the manager ?	yes
Since the students mentioned the professors , the president avoided the secretary .	Did the students mention the professors ?	yes
Before the actors stopped the authors , the artists ran .	Did the actors stop the authors ?	yes
While the professors performed , the bankers advised the athletes .	Did the professors perform ?	yes
While the student mentioned the judges , the managers performed .	Did the student mention the judges ?	yes
After the artist shouted , the lawyers introduced the doctor .	Did the artist shout ?	yes
While the tourist called the banker , the athlete admired the judge .	Did the tourist call the banker ?	yes
Because the judge contacted the doctors , the banker helped the senator .	Did the judge contact the doctors ?	yes
While the scientists saw the tourists , the artist resigned .	Did the scientists see the tourists ?	yes
Before the actors recommended the scientist , the presidents resigned .	Did the actors recommend the scientist ?	yes
Though the doctors resigned , the tourists shouted .	Did the doctors resign ?	yes
While the judge recommended the lawyer , the artist believed the author .	Did the judge recommend the lawyer ?	yes
Because the managers performed , the tourist ran .	Did the managers perform ?	yes
Although the professor mentioned the secretaries , the doctors supported the athletes .	Did the professor mention the secretaries ?	yes
Because the secretary arrived , the senator performed .	Did the secretary arrive ?	yes
While the presidents mentioned the senator , the actor performed .	Did the presidents mention the senator ?	yes
Although the secretary avoided the presidents , the artists contacted the judge .	Did the secretary avoid the presidents ?	yes
Though the scientist supported the artist , the banker resigned .	Did the scientist support the artist ?	yes
Since the athlete helped the actors , the authors supported the lawyer .	Did the athlete help the actors ?	yes
After the managers ran , the athletes waited .	Did the managers run ?	yes
Because the doctors contacted the actors , the artists advised the tourist .	Did the doctors contact the actors ?	yes
Because the judges waited , the authors avoided the lawyers .	Did the judges wait ?	yes
Although the managers recommended the lawyer , the judge danced .	Did the managers recommend the lawyer ?	yes
After the professors advised the managers , the senator helped the lawyers .	Did the professors advise the managers ?	yes
While the managers mentioned the authors , the secretaries recommended the lawyers .	Did the managers mention the authors ?	yes
While the doctor saw the managers , the professor admired the lawyer .	Did the doctor see the managers ?	yes
While the artist advised the president , the secretaries performed .	Did the artist advise the president ?	yes
Before the managers saw the senator , the bankers encouraged the scientist .	Did the managers see the senator ?	yes
Although the authors arrived , the secretary danced .	Did the authors arrive ?	yes
Because the author advised the bankers , the presidents resigned .	Did the author advise the bankers ?	yes
Since the athlete called the author , the lawyers recommended the senator .	Did the athlete call the author ?	yes
Before the lawyer shouted , the manager supported the student .	Did the lawyer shout ?	yes
Because the judges performed , the bankers contacted the senator .	Did the judges perform ?	yes
Though the author believed the president , the managers stopped the banker .	Did the author believe the president ?	yes
Because the athlete introduced the author , the president contacted the secretary .	Did the athlete introduce the author ?	yes
Because the doctor introduced the judges , the scientists mentioned the president .	Did the doctor introduce the judges ?	yes
Though the author avoided the senators , the secretary slept .	Did the author avoid the senators ?	yes
Although the professor recognized the lawyer , the artist resigned .	Did the professor recognize the lawyer ?	yes
Because the judge waited , the student helped the tourist .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
Since the secretaries slept , the actors supported the artist .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	yes
Since the student performed , the artists slept .	Did the student perform ?	yes
Since the actor danced , the manager stopped the senator .	Did the actor dance ?	yes
After the lawyer called the manager , the professor helped the author .	Did the lawyer call the manager ?	yes
Since the actors recommended the lawyer , the authors encouraged the presidents .	Did the actors recommend the lawyer ?	yes
After the actors arrived , the president advised the scientists .	Did the actors arrive ?	yes
Because the artist thanked the bankers , the scientist danced .	Did the artist thank the bankers ?	yes
Because the banker saw the managers , the actor slept .	Did the banker see the managers ?	yes
After the lawyers shouted , the president arrived .	Did the lawyers shout ?	yes
Although the lawyers admired the banker , the student recommended the president .	Did the lawyers admire the banker ?	yes
Though the artist admired the bankers , the scientists waited .	Did the artist admire the bankers ?	yes
After the secretary thanked the tourist , the author saw the scientists .	Did the secretary thank the tourist ?	yes
After the senator introduced the tourists , the scientists ran .	Did the senator introduce the tourists ?	yes
Although the managers waited , the actor thanked the scientist .	Did the managers wait ?	yes
Before the managers stopped the doctors , the senators slept .	Did the managers stop the doctors ?	yes
Although the professors contacted the lawyer , the doctor called the senator .	Did the professors contact the lawyer ?	yes
Since the managers admired the president , the judge waited .	Did the managers admire the president ?	yes
Before the student advised the athletes , the banker admired the artist .	Did the student advise the athletes ?	yes
After the actors waited , the secretaries advised the professors .	Did the actors wait ?	yes
Before the managers ran , the student stopped the athletes .	Did the managers run ?	yes
Before the tourists thanked the bankers , the senator called the doctors .	Did the tourists thank the bankers ?	yes
Since the senator slept , the secretary ran .	Did the senator sleep ?	yes
Since the doctors shouted , the scientists believed the professors .	Did the doctors shout ?	yes
Because the lawyers recommended the managers , the scientists arrived .	Did the lawyers recommend the managers ?	yes
Because the judge ran , the athlete helped the senators .	Did the judge run ?	yes
Before the secretaries slept , the actors encouraged the managers .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	yes
Before the author arrived , the artist slept .	Did the author arrive ?	yes
Before the president contacted the doctors , the athletes believed the professors .	Did the president contact the doctors ?	yes
Since the managers introduced the athlete , the author contacted the doctors .	Did the managers introduce the athlete ?	yes
While the author thanked the bankers , the professor contacted the actor .	Did the author thank the bankers ?	yes
Before the authors advised the senators , the judge arrived .	Did the authors advise the senators ?	yes
Although the secretary recognized the student , the presidents advised the professors .	Did the secretary recognize the student ?	yes
While the tourist admired the scientists , the doctors mentioned the bankers .	Did the tourist admire the scientists ?	yes
While the students danced , the lawyer avoided the tourist .	Did the students dance ?	yes
Before the president believed the secretary , the scientists contacted the actors .	Did the president believe the secretary ?	yes
Although the athlete introduced the author , the scientists mentioned the lawyers .	Did the athlete introduce the author ?	yes
Because the judge shouted , the tourist slept .	Did the judge shout ?	yes
After the secretaries shouted , the managers advised the artist .	Did the secretaries shout ?	yes
While the athlete supported the artist , the actor mentioned the secretaries .	Did the athlete support the artist ?	yes
Since the athlete recommended the doctors , the students thanked the scientists .	Did the athlete recommend the doctors ?	yes
Since the actors shouted , the athlete performed .	Did the actors shout ?	yes
After the tourist helped the actor , the professors called the authors .	Did the tourist help the actor ?	yes
Because the scientists admired the secretaries , the banker danced .	Did the scientists admire the secretaries ?	yes
Before the scientist admired the author , the athlete introduced the student .	Did the scientist admire the author ?	yes
After the doctors ran , the student waited .	Did the doctors run ?	yes
Though the scientists shouted , the professors resigned .	Did the scientists shout ?	yes
Because the manager performed , the tourist waited .	Did the manager perform ?	yes
Although the president encouraged the tourist , the judge believed the senator .	Did the president encourage the tourist ?	yes
While the tourist recognized the judges , the professor introduced the authors .	Did the tourist recognize the judges ?	yes
After the author saw the manager , the scientists shouted .	Did the author see the manager ?	yes
After the senator encouraged the president , the student danced .	Did the senator encourage the president ?	yes
After the scientist encouraged the lawyer , the student supported the professors .	Did the scientist encourage the lawyer ?	yes
Because the doctor helped the scientists , the secretary shouted .	Did the doctor help the scientists ?	yes
Because the managers resigned , the artist admired the secretary .	Did the managers resign ?	yes
After the artists supported the athlete , the doctor introduced the senator .	Did the artists support the athlete ?	yes
After the senator introduced the author , the manager encouraged the scientists .	Did the senator introduce the author ?	yes
Though the scientists introduced the senator , the student saw the artists .	Did the scientists introduce the senator ?	yes
After the athletes arrived , the president helped the judges .	Did the athletes arrive ?	yes
Though the author contacted the lawyer , the actor thanked the athletes .	Did the author contact the lawyer ?	yes
Although the artist ran , the actors saw the president .	Did the artist run ?	yes
After the secretary slept , the senator danced .	Did the secretary sleep ?	yes
Before the actors saw the president , the banker stopped the tourists .	Did the actors see the president ?	yes
While the authors contacted the artists , the athlete waited .	Did the authors contact the artists ?	yes
Before the actors avoided the managers , the student shouted .	Did the actors avoid the managers ?	yes
Since the secretary arrived , the tourist recommended the artist .	Did the secretary arrive ?	yes
Before the author advised the professor , the doctors waited .	Did the author advise the professor ?	yes
Before the managers slept , the tourists mentioned the doctors .	Did the managers sleep ?	yes
Because the bankers thanked the lawyers , the manager advised the tourists .	Did the bankers thank the lawyers ?	yes
Though the professor thanked the student , the secretary danced .	Did the professor thank the student ?	yes
After the scientists performed , the secretary avoided the author .	Did the scientists perform ?	yes
After the students avoided the actor , the presidents called the tourists .	Did the students avoid the actor ?	yes
Because the professors stopped the student , the secretaries introduced the lawyers .	Did the professors stop the student ?	yes
Because the senator encouraged the manager , the professor saw the doctors .	Did the senator encourage the manager ?	yes
Though the actor advised the lawyers , the authors shouted .	Did the actor advise the lawyers ?	yes
Though the author arrived , the scientist contacted the doctors .	Did the author arrive ?	yes
Because the judges admired the athletes , the tourist called the scientists .	Did the judges admire the athletes ?	yes
Before the doctors mentioned the lawyer , the authors ran .	Did the doctors mention the lawyer ?	yes
While the artists contacted the doctor , the secretaries called the bankers .	Did the artists contact the doctor ?	yes
Since the authors introduced the artists , the doctor called the tourists .	Did the authors introduce the artists ?	yes
Although the athlete arrived , the artists thanked the students .	Did the athlete arrive ?	yes
While the student contacted the lawyers , the artists recognized the manager .	Did the student contact the lawyers ?	yes
Although the senator called the professor , the manager ran .	Did the senator call the professor ?	yes
Because the senator mentioned the secretaries , the students slept .	Did the senator mention the secretaries ?	yes
While the athlete helped the secretary , the actors stopped the scientists .	Did the athlete help the secretary ?	yes
After the professors supported the actors , the lawyers believed the author .	Did the professors support the actors ?	yes
Because the presidents waited , the senators recommended the secretaries .	Did the presidents wait ?	yes
Though the students thanked the managers , the secretary shouted .	Did the students thank the managers ?	yes
After the secretaries resigned , the manager recognized the professor .	Did the secretaries resign ?	yes
Since the professors mentioned the senators , the lawyer waited .	Did the professors mention the senators ?	yes
Although the president contacted the doctor , the athletes recommended the lawyers .	Did the president contact the doctor ?	yes
Although the president waited , the doctor recommended the author .	Did the president wait ?	yes
Since the professor danced , the secretaries slept .	Did the professor dance ?	yes
Before the student resigned , the professors supported the authors .	Did the student resign ?	yes
While the athletes arrived , the scientists recognized the president .	Did the athletes arrive ?	yes
Although the tourist arrived , the judge avoided the scientists .	Did the tourist arrive ?	yes
After the athletes contacted the lawyer , the scientists avoided the authors .	Did the athletes contact the lawyer ?	yes
Since the manager arrived , the tourist mentioned the professors .	Did the manager arrive ?	yes
Since the president danced , the manager recognized the banker .	Did the president dance ?	yes
Though the scientists admired the secretary , the professors avoided the managers .	Did the scientists admire the secretary ?	yes
Though the athletes recommended the author , the lawyers thanked the tourist .	Did the athletes recommend the author ?	yes
Although the artist recommended the banker , the senator performed .	Did the artist recommend the banker ?	yes
Since the athletes recommended the lawyer , the manager slept .	Did the athletes recommend the lawyer ?	yes
While the senator thanked the secretary , the judge resigned .	Did the senator thank the secretary ?	yes
Although the actors thanked the artists , the professors performed .	Did the actors thank the artists ?	yes
While the doctor avoided the senators , the secretaries performed .	Did the doctor avoid the senators ?	yes
While the professor arrived , the judge waited .	Did the professor arrive ?	yes
Though the actor believed the senator , the author mentioned the lawyers .	Did the actor believe the senator ?	yes
Because the doctor resigned , the lawyer mentioned the professor .	Did the doctor resign ?	yes
After the judge helped the artist , the manager encouraged the president .	Did the judge help the artist ?	yes
Since the author advised the judge , the senator arrived .	Did the author advise the judge ?	yes
Since the secretaries ran , the lawyers encouraged the senator .	Did the secretaries run ?	yes
Before the author stopped the professor , the student advised the scientists .	Did the author stop the professor ?	yes
Although the doctors waited , the presidents thanked the author .	Did the doctors wait ?	yes
Because the president recommended the manager , the actors contacted the senator .	Did the president recommend the manager ?	yes
After the professors shouted , the senators waited .	Did the professors shout ?	yes
After the students introduced the professors , the authors stopped the athletes .	Did the students introduce the professors ?	yes
Because the artists waited , the professors thanked the judge .	Did the artists wait ?	yes
After the athletes believed the students , the scientist shouted .	Did the athletes believe the students ?	yes
Although the athletes resigned , the manager ran .	Did the athletes resign ?	yes
Because the presidents thanked the bankers , the manager recommended the scientists .	Did the presidents thank the bankers ?	yes
Although the athlete resigned , the bankers shouted .	Did the athlete resign ?	yes
Before the lawyer danced , the senators mentioned the banker .	Did the lawyer dance ?	yes
After the senator waited , the doctor called the professor .	Did the senator wait ?	yes
Because the manager performed , the secretaries called the artists .	Did the manager perform ?	yes
Although the lawyer slept , the actor encouraged the author .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	yes
Before the actors recommended the senators , the secretaries performed .	Did the actors recommend the senators ?	yes
While the doctors slept , the artist recommended the tourists .	Did the doctors sleep ?	yes
After the manager admired the presidents , the secretaries ran .	Did the manager admire the presidents ?	yes
Because the president shouted , the managers believed the actor .	Did the president shout ?	yes
Because the managers waited , the student called the bankers .	Did the managers wait ?	yes
Since the scientists recognized the secretary , the tourists mentioned the professors .	Did the scientists recognize the secretary ?	yes
Because the scientist thanked the president , the senator recognized the judge .	Did the scientist thank the president ?	yes
Though the actors recognized the author , the senator resigned .	Did the actors recognize the author ?	yes
Because the students resigned , the senator shouted .	Did the students resign ?	yes
Although the actors waited , the professor called the tourists .	Did the actors wait ?	yes
After the athletes admired the senators , the scientists supported the artists .	Did the athletes admire the senators ?	yes
Though the bankers waited , the actors recognized the lawyer .	Did the bankers wait ?	yes
While the managers called the presidents , the scientists contacted the athlete .	Did the managers call the presidents ?	yes
Since the artist introduced the students , the tourist danced .	Did the artist introduce the students ?	yes
After the senator recognized the author , the president recommended the lawyers .	Did the senator recognize the author ?	yes
Before the scientist stopped the students , the senators avoided the presidents .	Did the scientist stop the students ?	yes
Because the artists advised the doctor , the student shouted .	Did the artists advise the doctor ?	yes
Although the scientist contacted the judge , the senators called the tourist .	Did the scientist contact the judge ?	yes
After the doctor believed the secretary , the judges stopped the lawyer .	Did the doctor believe the secretary ?	yes
Before the artist performed , the athlete avoided the professors .	Did the artist perform ?	yes
Since the doctor thanked the senator , the banker recommended the artist .	Did the doctor thank the senator ?	yes
While the senators shouted , the manager encouraged the secretaries .	Did the senators shout ?	yes
Though the bankers supported the presidents , the manager called the authors .	Did the bankers support the presidents ?	yes
While the president resigned , the actor contacted the secretary .	Did the president resign ?	yes
While the athletes admired the professors , the students slept .	Did the athletes admire the professors ?	yes
Since the lawyers slept , the senators danced .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	yes
Although the doctors shouted , the lawyer supported the actor .	Did the doctors shout ?	yes
Before the senator mentioned the manager , the artist saw the student .	Did the senator mention the manager ?	yes
Because the presidents waited , the banker performed .	Did the presidents wait ?	yes
While the scientist shouted , the actor contacted the manager .	Did the scientist shout ?	yes
Because the tourist shouted , the presidents ran .	Did the tourist shout ?	yes
Though the student waited , the doctors ran .	Did the student wait ?	yes
While the senator supported the secretaries , the bankers ran .	Did the senator support the secretaries ?	yes
After the actors helped the professor , the scientist supported the secretary .	Did the actors help the professor ?	yes
Because the artists recognized the student , the secretary thanked the athletes .	Did the artists recognize the student ?	yes
While the athlete slept , the secretaries waited .	Did the athlete sleep ?	yes
Though the students admired the authors , the presidents danced .	Did the students admire the authors ?	yes
Since the artists performed , the students shouted .	Did the artists perform ?	yes
Though the presidents danced , the scientists advised the professors .	Did the presidents dance ?	yes
Since the lawyer slept , the tourist believed the senators .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	yes
Although the tourists avoided the secretary , the scientist mentioned the judges .	Did the tourists avoid the secretary ?	yes
Before the professors supported the artists , the banker resigned .	Did the professors support the artists ?	yes
After the secretaries performed , the athletes ran .	Did the secretaries perform ?	yes
Because the actor contacted the secretaries , the banker supported the professor .	Did the actor contact the secretaries ?	yes
After the president introduced the secretaries , the senator waited .	Did the president introduce the secretaries ?	yes
Because the lawyers ran , the scientist advised the secretaries .	Did the lawyers run ?	yes
Before the students shouted , the actor resigned .	Did the students shout ?	yes
Although the professor recognized the doctors , the scientists stopped the actor .	Did the professor recognize the doctors ?	yes
Since the managers believed the scientists , the senator admired the author .	Did the managers believe the scientists ?	yes
Although the tourist mentioned the presidents , the scientist resigned .	Did the tourist mention the presidents ?	yes
Since the bankers slept , the actor called the doctors .	Did the bankers sleep ?	yes
Before the scientists contacted the professors , the manager believed the doctors .	Did the scientists contact the professors ?	yes
Although the manager contacted the president , the actors shouted .	Did the manager contact the president ?	yes
Although the secretaries avoided the athletes , the tourists mentioned the authors .	Did the secretaries avoid the athletes ?	yes
Since the tourists avoided the president , the senator ran .	Did the tourists avoid the president ?	yes
While the lawyer recognized the artists , the athletes believed the student .	Did the lawyer recognize the artists ?	yes
Although the actor advised the tourist , the author waited .	Did the actor advise the tourist ?	yes
While the lawyers mentioned the doctors , the scientists stopped the presidents .	Did the lawyers mention the doctors ?	yes
Though the senator supported the doctor , the scientist stopped the professors .	Did the senator support the doctor ?	yes
After the professors performed , the managers mentioned the banker .	Did the professors perform ?	yes
While the president recommended the scientist , the doctors thanked the tourist .	Did the president recommend the scientist ?	yes
Though the students mentioned the presidents , the author supported the professors .	Did the students mention the presidents ?	yes
Before the judges stopped the actors , the lawyers saw the senators .	Did the judges stop the actors ?	yes
Since the artist mentioned the tourists , the authors supported the scientists .	Did the artist mention the tourists ?	yes
After the secretaries thanked the lawyer , the athletes supported the senators .	Did the secretaries thank the lawyer ?	yes
While the lawyer shouted , the artists admired the scientist .	Did the lawyer shout ?	yes
While the lawyers stopped the banker , the senator danced .	Did the lawyers stop the banker ?	yes
Before the tourist resigned , the athletes arrived .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
Because the doctor thanked the tourists , the professors helped the artists .	Did the doctor thank the tourists ?	yes
After the managers slept , the athletes shouted .	Did the managers sleep ?	yes
Though the professors introduced the lawyer , the authors slept .	Did the professors introduce the lawyer ?	yes
Because the actor admired the tourists , the artists introduced the athlete .	Did the actor admire the tourists ?	yes
While the scientists slept , the lawyers thanked the tourists .	Did the scientists sleep ?	yes
Because the banker saw the students , the president slept .	Did the banker see the students ?	yes
After the judges recognized the professors , the athlete performed .	Did the judges recognize the professors ?	yes
After the author mentioned the scientist , the professors resigned .	Did the author mention the scientist ?	yes
Because the actor called the senator , the lawyers saw the doctors .	Did the actor call the senator ?	yes
Before the banker avoided the senators , the tourist saw the athlete .	Did the banker avoid the senators ?	yes
While the secretary called the athlete , the doctors contacted the scientist .	Did the secretary call the athlete ?	yes
Since the artists admired the judges , the senators believed the doctors .	Did the artists admire the judges ?	yes
While the professors helped the lawyer , the secretary saw the manager .	Did the professors help the lawyer ?	yes
Although the lawyer thanked the tourist , the athletes waited .	Did the lawyer thank the tourist ?	yes
Although the professor avoided the author , the student admired the artists .	Did the professor avoid the author ?	yes
Though the professors helped the president , the secretary slept .	Did the professors help the president ?	yes
Although the managers shouted , the judges slept .	Did the managers shout ?	yes
While the tourists believed the secretary , the scientists saw the actors .	Did the tourists believe the secretary ?	yes
Although the presidents resigned , the scientists called the professors .	Did the presidents resign ?	yes
While the secretary called the manager , the artist contacted the actors .	Did the secretary call the manager ?	yes
Since the secretaries advised the professors , the athletes stopped the actor .	Did the secretaries advise the professors ?	yes
Since the secretary shouted , the student contacted the scientists .	Did the secretary shout ?	yes
Before the student recommended the scientist , the judges admired the doctor .	Did the student recommend the scientist ?	yes
Because the author performed , the student arrived .	Did the author perform ?	yes
Since the scientists supported the tourist , the doctor avoided the senator .	Did the scientists support the tourist ?	yes
After the athletes resigned , the judge supported the artists .	Did the athletes resign ?	yes
Since the actors supported the managers , the senators shouted .	Did the actors support the managers ?	yes
Though the bankers introduced the artists , the presidents ran .	Did the bankers introduce the artists ?	yes
Since the scientists encouraged the professors , the actor avoided the manager .	Did the scientists encourage the professors ?	yes
Since the professor contacted the judge , the secretary ran .	Did the professor contact the judge ?	yes
Before the athlete recognized the author , the manager saw the tourist .	Did the athlete recognize the author ?	yes
Before the artists introduced the athletes , the presidents recommended the authors .	Did the artists introduce the athletes ?	yes
Because the doctor danced , the president encouraged the lawyer .	Did the doctor dance ?	yes
After the lawyers arrived , the tourist advised the scientists .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
Before the authors shouted , the doctors stopped the secretaries .	Did the authors shout ?	yes
While the tourist recommended the students , the bankers danced .	Did the tourist recommend the students ?	yes
Since the tourist waited , the senators supported the lawyer .	Did the tourist wait ?	yes
After the lawyer slept , the athletes shouted .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	yes
Before the manager mentioned the judges , the scientists supported the presidents .	Did the manager mention the judges ?	yes
While the professor danced , the student performed .	Did the professor dance ?	yes
Although the secretary admired the doctors , the managers recognized the actors .	Did the secretary admire the doctors ?	yes
Though the president arrived , the athletes introduced the professors .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
Though the students believed the lawyers , the actor waited .	Did the students believe the lawyers ?	yes
While the artists contacted the athletes , the lawyer avoided the judges .	Did the artists contact the athletes ?	yes
Before the doctors supported the student , the managers waited .	Did the doctors support the student ?	yes
Before the athlete admired the managers , the artist resigned .	Did the athlete admire the managers ?	yes
Though the lawyers saw the tourists , the authors danced .	Did the lawyers see the tourists ?	yes
Because the banker slept , the author resigned .	Did the banker sleep ?	yes
While the managers recognized the judge , the tourists slept .	Did the managers recognize the judge ?	yes
Although the doctors advised the artist , the tourists believed the managers .	Did the doctors advise the artist ?	yes
Though the managers waited , the lawyer contacted the judges .	Did the managers wait ?	yes
Though the president recommended the actors , the lawyers danced .	Did the president recommend the actors ?	yes
Since the lawyer recommended the professor , the banker waited .	Did the lawyer recommend the professor ?	yes
Since the doctor recommended the author , the scientists arrived .	Did the doctor recommend the author ?	yes
Because the athlete recommended the actor , the presidents mentioned the professor .	Did the athlete recommend the actor ?	yes
Because the artist stopped the judges , the tourist advised the lawyer .	Did the artist stop the judges ?	yes
Before the senator called the scientists , the tourists advised the athletes .	Did the senator call the scientists ?	yes
After the doctor saw the senator , the bankers resigned .	Did the doctor see the senator ?	yes
Although the lawyers slept , the senator recommended the tourist .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	yes
Though the tourists encouraged the professors , the lawyers performed .	Did the tourists encourage the professors ?	yes
Because the authors contacted the athlete , the bankers waited .	Did the authors contact the athlete ?	yes
Although the tourist avoided the scientists , the professor mentioned the presidents .	Did the tourist avoid the scientists ?	yes
Though the scientists called the tourist , the students encouraged the professor .	Did the scientists call the tourist ?	yes
Because the actor saw the senators , the lawyers waited .	Did the actor see the senators ?	yes
After the students encouraged the banker , the author avoided the artist .	Did the students encourage the banker ?	yes
Because the students arrived , the lawyers stopped the manager .	Did the students arrive ?	yes
Although the artist thanked the judge , the presidents contacted the managers .	Did the artist thank the judge ?	yes
Although the athlete thanked the author , the actor encouraged the student .	Did the athlete thank the author ?	yes
Before the presidents believed the bankers , the tourist thanked the senators .	Did the presidents believe the bankers ?	yes
Because the president introduced the artists , the senator recommended the secretaries .	Did the president introduce the artists ?	yes
Before the student helped the scientists , the athlete shouted .	Did the student help the scientists ?	yes
Although the artists shouted , the president supported the lawyer .	Did the artists shout ?	yes
Because the athletes resigned , the lawyers recognized the artist .	Did the athletes resign ?	yes
Since the author recommended the doctors , the scientists ran .	Did the author recommend the doctors ?	yes
Because the senators recognized the manager , the tourists danced .	Did the senators recognize the manager ?	yes
After the doctors mentioned the secretary , the author ran .	Did the doctors mention the secretary ?	yes
Although the lawyers arrived , the senators encouraged the judges .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
Though the banker mentioned the artists , the student saw the secretary .	Did the banker mention the artists ?	yes
Because the bankers thanked the scientist , the artist danced .	Did the bankers thank the scientist ?	yes
Before the judge performed , the athletes introduced the author .	Did the judge perform ?	yes
Though the doctor arrived , the bankers helped the artist .	Did the doctor arrive ?	yes
Since the lawyer encouraged the athletes , the presidents arrived .	Did the lawyer encourage the athletes ?	yes
While the senator supported the banker , the manager introduced the actor .	Did the senator support the banker ?	yes
Because the athletes encouraged the judge , the managers called the author .	Did the athletes encourage the judge ?	yes
Although the professors shouted , the doctor supported the manager .	Did the professors shout ?	yes
Since the artist recognized the authors , the secretaries avoided the manager .	Did the artist recognize the authors ?	yes
Before the judge recommended the athletes , the tourists ran .	Did the judge recommend the athletes ?	yes
After the professors admired the banker , the senator supported the tourists .	Did the professors admire the banker ?	yes
Because the doctor saw the senators , the professor arrived .	Did the doctor see the senators ?	yes
Though the judges called the doctor , the president admired the banker .	Did the judges call the doctor ?	yes
Since the lawyers called the secretaries , the actors ran .	Did the lawyers call the secretaries ?	yes
Because the athlete performed , the doctor recommended the managers .	Did the athlete perform ?	yes
While the manager encouraged the athletes , the doctor resigned .	Did the manager encourage the athletes ?	yes
After the students ran , the doctors avoided the scientists .	Did the students run ?	yes
Although the students recognized the authors , the senator stopped the athlete .	Did the students recognize the authors ?	yes
While the president called the judges , the authors arrived .	Did the president call the judges ?	yes
While the tourist called the doctor , the artist slept .	Did the tourist call the doctor ?	yes
After the judges believed the lawyers , the banker called the student .	Did the judges believe the lawyers ?	yes
Since the banker helped the artist , the doctor waited .	Did the banker help the artist ?	yes
Before the professors slept , the tourists waited .	Did the professors sleep ?	yes
Since the professors avoided the students , the lawyers waited .	Did the professors avoid the students ?	yes
Although the managers mentioned the actor , the bankers admired the athletes .	Did the managers mention the actor ?	yes
While the actors recognized the lawyer , the bankers ran .	Did the actors recognize the lawyer ?	yes
Although the tourists saw the senator , the banker advised the actors .	Did the tourists see the senator ?	yes
Before the banker performed , the presidents slept .	Did the banker perform ?	yes
Because the athletes recommended the secretary , the authors waited .	Did the athletes recommend the secretary ?	yes
While the artist advised the actors , the managers mentioned the secretary .	Did the artist advise the actors ?	yes
Since the judge advised the authors , the artist admired the student .	Did the judge advise the authors ?	yes
While the tourist thanked the judges , the manager danced .	Did the tourist thank the judges ?	yes
While the bankers admired the manager , the professors introduced the doctor .	Did the bankers admire the manager ?	yes
After the tourists saw the doctors , the author resigned .	Did the tourists see the doctors ?	yes
Before the tourist saw the professor , the doctors admired the bankers .	Did the tourist see the professor ?	yes
Though the actor recommended the athlete , the presidents advised the lawyers .	Did the actor recommend the athlete ?	yes
Because the lawyer saw the scientists , the senator ran .	Did the lawyer see the scientists ?	yes
After the professor thanked the doctor , the artists mentioned the scientist .	Did the professor thank the doctor ?	yes
Because the president thanked the senators , the author introduced the lawyers .	Did the president thank the senators ?	yes
While the athletes avoided the tourist , the manager stopped the student .	Did the athletes avoid the tourist ?	yes
Because the judges arrived , the lawyer recommended the actors .	Did the judges arrive ?	yes
Since the scientist believed the president , the student recognized the lawyers .	Did the scientist believe the president ?	yes
Although the professor resigned , the tourist recommended the author .	Did the professor resign ?	yes
Before the doctor waited , the scientist performed .	Did the doctor wait ?	yes
Before the actors slept , the professors encouraged the students .	Did the actors sleep ?	yes
After the senator helped the artist , the lawyer ran .	Did the senator help the artist ?	yes
After the athlete arrived , the doctor admired the presidents .	Did the athlete arrive ?	yes
Although the author contacted the banker , the athlete advised the professors .	Did the author contact the banker ?	yes
Since the professors waited , the author admired the student .	Did the professors wait ?	yes
Though the student admired the lawyers , the artists supported the senators .	Did the student admire the lawyers ?	yes
While the artist recommended the actors , the author saw the presidents .	Did the artist recommend the actors ?	yes
Before the actors recognized the professors , the judge shouted .	Did the actors recognize the professors ?	yes
Though the banker thanked the author , the senators ran .	Did the banker thank the author ?	yes
After the presidents waited , the lawyers contacted the actor .	Did the presidents wait ?	yes
Since the doctors introduced the judges , the tourist thanked the managers .	Did the doctors introduce the judges ?	yes
Though the secretaries saw the lawyers , the tourist arrived .	Did the secretaries see the lawyers ?	yes
Because the doctors stopped the student , the senator believed the actors .	Did the doctors stop the student ?	yes
After the senator advised the lawyers , the president supported the artist .	Did the senator advise the lawyers ?	yes
After the bankers introduced the presidents , the secretary mentioned the tourists .	Did the bankers introduce the presidents ?	yes
While the author recognized the secretaries , the athletes introduced the actors .	Did the author recognize the secretaries ?	yes
Though the tourist recommended the doctors , the president avoided the scientist .	Did the tourist recommend the doctors ?	yes
Because the managers called the tourist , the athlete supported the doctor .	Did the managers call the tourist ?	yes
Although the bankers saw the actor , the secretary advised the manager .	Did the bankers see the actor ?	yes
Though the doctor recommended the student , the actor waited .	Did the doctor recommend the student ?	yes
Because the presidents saw the students , the tourists helped the lawyers .	Did the presidents see the students ?	yes
Since the secretaries danced , the athletes waited .	Did the secretaries dance ?	yes
Since the banker recognized the professor , the doctors admired the tourists .	Did the banker recognize the professor ?	yes
Since the secretaries thanked the scientist , the managers ran .	Did the secretaries thank the scientist ?	yes
Before the artists shouted , the bankers slept .	Did the artists shout ?	yes
Although the president recommended the judges , the doctor slept .	Did the president recommend the judges ?	yes
After the authors stopped the student , the scientist thanked the doctors .	Did the authors stop the student ?	yes
While the bankers mentioned the athlete , the actor danced .	Did the bankers mention the athlete ?	yes
Before the artist arrived , the president admired the professors .	Did the artist arrive ?	yes
Although the athletes danced , the secretaries contacted the student .	Did the athletes dance ?	yes
Although the athlete avoided the actor , the senators supported the managers .	Did the athlete avoid the actor ?	yes
While the tourists arrived , the manager saw the professor .	Did the tourists arrive ?	yes
Though the secretaries encouraged the senators , the scientists contacted the lawyers .	Did the secretaries encourage the senators ?	yes
After the artists contacted the actor , the managers stopped the professors .	Did the artists contact the actor ?	yes
Although the athletes recommended the senator , the tourists helped the judges .	Did the athletes recommend the senator ?	yes
While the managers performed , the secretaries saw the athletes .	Did the managers perform ?	yes
Since the tourist resigned , the actors waited .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
Though the doctor introduced the bankers , the student performed .	Did the doctor introduce the bankers ?	yes
Though the presidents supported the lawyers , the actors slept .	Did the presidents support the lawyers ?	yes
Before the bankers resigned , the senators contacted the judges .	Did the bankers resign ?	yes
Although the manager danced , the author thanked the athlete .	Did the manager dance ?	yes
Although the author saw the artists , the professor mentioned the students .	Did the author see the artists ?	yes
After the secretary recommended the students , the president stopped the tourist .	Did the secretary recommend the students ?	yes
While the banker helped the authors , the manager contacted the professors .	Did the banker help the authors ?	yes
Since the artist called the managers , the lawyers advised the actor .	Did the artist call the managers ?	yes
After the senator waited , the professors mentioned the artist .	Did the senator wait ?	yes
Although the athletes stopped the manager , the students avoided the banker .	Did the athletes stop the manager ?	yes
Because the president saw the actors , the secretaries shouted .	Did the president see the actors ?	yes
While the actors stopped the senator , the professors resigned .	Did the actors stop the senator ?	yes
While the presidents ran , the lawyers called the artists .	Did the presidents run ?	yes
Before the actor introduced the senator , the presidents resigned .	Did the actor introduce the senator ?	yes
Since the presidents avoided the judge , the doctors believed the authors .	Did the presidents avoid the judge ?	yes
Because the senators waited , the professor admired the scientists .	Did the senators wait ?	yes
Though the author believed the artists , the lawyers performed .	Did the author believe the artists ?	yes
Although the athletes ran , the president resigned .	Did the athletes run ?	yes
Since the doctor shouted , the lawyers waited .	Did the doctor shout ?	yes
Although the author believed the actors , the professors supported the lawyer .	Did the author believe the actors ?	yes
Before the athlete danced , the senator introduced the actors .	Did the athlete dance ?	yes
While the actor encouraged the judge , the doctor called the authors .	Did the actor encourage the judge ?	yes
After the tourist contacted the bankers , the scientist called the manager .	Did the tourist contact the bankers ?	yes
Since the scientists admired the professors , the secretary avoided the authors .	Did the scientists admire the professors ?	yes
After the senator avoided the actors , the athlete thanked the banker .	Did the senator avoid the actors ?	yes
Before the tourist ran , the author thanked the scientist .	Did the tourist run ?	yes
While the secretary called the students , the doctors contacted the tourist .	Did the secretary call the students ?	yes
Though the senators stopped the manager , the actor supported the secretary .	Did the senators stop the manager ?	yes
Although the secretary mentioned the lawyer , the artists slept .	Did the secretary mention the lawyer ?	yes
While the authors recognized the lawyer , the banker advised the professors .	Did the authors recognize the lawyer ?	yes
Before the authors resigned , the doctors helped the bankers .	Did the authors resign ?	yes
Because the scientists waited , the student arrived .	Did the scientists wait ?	yes
Though the lawyer helped the doctor , the managers arrived .	Did the lawyer help the doctor ?	yes
Before the lawyers waited , the professors helped the author .	Did the lawyers wait ?	yes
Since the secretaries introduced the artist , the judges resigned .	Did the secretaries introduce the artist ?	yes
While the authors shouted , the scientists waited .	Did the authors shout ?	yes
Though the lawyer called the senators , the doctor avoided the artists .	Did the lawyer call the senators ?	yes
After the athletes helped the judge , the manager recommended the author .	Did the athletes help the judge ?	yes
Because the manager recommended the presidents , the artists slept .	Did the manager recommend the presidents ?	yes
Although the authors contacted the presidents , the managers waited .	Did the authors contact the presidents ?	yes
After the student resigned , the tourists avoided the professor .	Did the student resign ?	yes
Though the manager thanked the scientists , the secretaries danced .	Did the manager thank the scientists ?	yes
Although the professor helped the bankers , the athletes slept .	Did the professor help the bankers ?	yes
Since the senators supported the athletes , the professors resigned .	Did the senators support the athletes ?	yes
Though the tourist waited , the secretary arrived .	Did the tourist wait ?	yes
After the tourist supported the lawyers , the authors recognized the doctors .	Did the tourist support the lawyers ?	yes
While the presidents encouraged the actors , the senator waited .	Did the presidents encourage the actors ?	yes
While the president waited , the scientist saw the judge .	Did the president wait ?	yes
Though the manager shouted , the secretaries helped the professors .	Did the manager shout ?	yes
After the lawyers danced , the author saw the judges .	Did the lawyers dance ?	yes
Since the senators ran , the secretaries thanked the artists .	Did the senators run ?	yes
After the scientist shouted , the secretaries encouraged the banker .	Did the scientist shout ?	yes
Although the lawyer mentioned the doctor , the authors introduced the senators .	Did the lawyer mention the doctor ?	yes
Though the secretaries resigned , the doctor mentioned the judges .	Did the secretaries resign ?	yes
Because the student arrived , the president mentioned the tourists .	Did the student arrive ?	yes
Although the scientists danced , the actors helped the lawyers .	Did the scientists dance ?	yes
Although the scientist resigned , the senator advised the managers .	Did the scientist resign ?	yes
Because the banker admired the author , the doctors recommended the professor .	Did the banker admire the author ?	yes
Though the banker admired the professor , the athlete danced .	Did the banker admire the professor ?	yes
While the managers danced , the judges waited .	Did the managers dance ?	yes
After the presidents recognized the tourist , the doctors thanked the lawyers .	Did the presidents recognize the tourist ?	yes
Since the artist arrived , the tourists helped the professor .	Did the artist arrive ?	yes
Because the professor shouted , the scientist arrived .	Did the professor shout ?	yes
Because the actors arrived , the professors performed .	Did the actors arrive ?	yes
Though the tourists resigned , the senators waited .	Did the tourists resign ?	yes
Though the student recognized the scientist , the managers waited .	Did the student recognize the scientist ?	yes
Though the senator thanked the professors , the tourist introduced the athletes .	Did the senator thank the professors ?	yes
Although the manager called the lawyers , the senators ran .	Did the manager call the lawyers ?	yes
Since the students performed , the scientists avoided the actor .	Did the students perform ?	yes
While the judge contacted the lawyer , the actors arrived .	Did the judge contact the lawyer ?	yes
While the student ran , the president contacted the bankers .	Did the student run ?	yes
Because the doctor ran , the secretary danced .	Did the doctor run ?	yes
While the authors danced , the presidents introduced the secretary .	Did the authors dance ?	yes
While the professors encouraged the bankers , the students recognized the tourists .	Did the professors encourage the bankers ?	yes
Although the presidents arrived , the lawyer admired the secretary .	Did the presidents arrive ?	yes
Before the judges supported the senator , the lawyer arrived .	Did the judges support the senator ?	yes
Although the senators danced , the tourist slept .	Did the senators dance ?	yes
After the judge contacted the banker , the actor arrived .	Did the judge contact the banker ?	yes
Though the student thanked the actor , the judges saw the tourist .	Did the student thank the actor ?	yes
Though the senators mentioned the actors , the tourist performed .	Did the senators mention the actors ?	yes
Before the bankers saw the actors , the lawyers helped the manager .	Did the bankers see the actors ?	yes
Though the bankers thanked the lawyer , the secretary slept .	Did the bankers thank the lawyer ?	yes
Because the tourist contacted the artist , the presidents saw the authors .	Did the tourist contact the artist ?	yes
Although the athletes resigned , the presidents saw the secretaries .	Did the athletes resign ?	yes
While the artist thanked the actor , the athletes supported the president .	Did the artist thank the actor ?	yes
While the manager recognized the actor , the athlete advised the bankers .	Did the manager recognize the actor ?	yes
Although the tourist recommended the secretaries , the professors stopped the manager .	Did the tourist recommend the secretaries ?	yes
Since the tourist slept , the student waited .	Did the tourist sleep ?	yes
Before the senators advised the athletes , the judge recognized the tourists .	Did the senators advise the athletes ?	yes
Before the doctor mentioned the judge , the presidents introduced the senator .	Did the doctor mention the judge ?	yes
Because the authors recommended the artist , the actor ran .	Did the authors recommend the artist ?	yes
Though the secretaries believed the scientists , the manager advised the doctors .	Did the secretaries believe the scientists ?	yes
Since the secretary thanked the actor , the lawyer encouraged the student .	Did the secretary thank the actor ?	yes
Since the banker admired the judges , the actors shouted .	Did the banker admire the judges ?	yes
Although the tourist called the lawyer , the athlete recommended the judges .	Did the tourist call the lawyer ?	yes
Because the student ran , the tourist recognized the senators .	Did the student run ?	yes
After the secretary resigned , the artists stopped the senator .	Did the secretary resign ?	yes
Before the judges recognized the students , the banker helped the author .	Did the judges recognize the students ?	yes
Although the authors ran , the student recognized the bankers .	Did the authors run ?	yes
After the banker arrived , the athletes stopped the senator .	Did the banker arrive ?	yes
While the scientists encouraged the doctor , the senator called the authors .	Did the scientists encourage the doctor ?	yes
Before the author danced , the artists arrived .	Did the author dance ?	yes
While the artist believed the senators , the scientists saw the doctor .	Did the artist believe the senators ?	yes
Although the artist slept , the managers arrived .	Did the artist sleep ?	yes
Though the artist contacted the president , the scientists avoided the judges .	Did the artist contact the president ?	yes
Though the actors recommended the banker , the secretaries arrived .	Did the actors recommend the banker ?	yes
Because the managers supported the secretaries , the senators arrived .	Did the managers support the secretaries ?	yes
While the president waited , the actor advised the artists .	Did the president wait ?	yes
After the bankers slept , the students encouraged the doctor .	Did the bankers sleep ?	yes
Because the scientist performed , the athletes resigned .	Did the scientist perform ?	yes
Though the professors shouted , the banker performed .	Did the professors shout ?	yes
After the students recommended the managers , the senators arrived .	Did the students recommend the managers ?	yes
Although the senators slept , the professors danced .	Did the senators sleep ?	yes
After the professor avoided the bankers , the judge waited .	Did the professor avoid the bankers ?	yes
Since the actor thanked the banker , the lawyer encouraged the doctor .	Did the actor thank the banker ?	yes
After the president resigned , the athletes shouted .	Did the president resign ?	yes
After the author helped the judges , the secretary ran .	Did the author help the judges ?	yes
Before the professors saw the president , the scientist slept .	Did the professors see the president ?	yes
Although the author resigned , the students waited .	Did the author resign ?	yes
Before the scientists stopped the managers , the presidents saw the professors .	Did the scientists stop the managers ?	yes
Because the tourist mentioned the senators , the author slept .	Did the tourist mention the senators ?	yes
After the bankers resigned , the president shouted .	Did the bankers resign ?	yes
Although the senator ran , the lawyers advised the banker .	Did the senator run ?	yes
Because the scientist mentioned the senators , the artist saw the managers .	Did the scientist mention the senators ?	yes
Before the scientists recognized the athletes , the banker shouted .	Did the scientists recognize the athletes ?	yes
Since the scientists shouted , the actors admired the manager .	Did the scientists shout ?	yes
Although the artists called the students , the tourists recommended the author .	Did the artists call the students ?	yes
After the scientist avoided the judge , the manager helped the senators .	Did the scientist avoid the judge ?	yes
Since the banker avoided the manager , the judge encouraged the president .	Did the banker avoid the manager ?	yes
Although the student waited , the artists mentioned the professors .	Did the student wait ?	yes
While the doctor admired the students , the scientist shouted .	Did the doctor admire the students ?	yes
While the secretaries danced , the tourists thanked the artists .	Did the secretaries dance ?	yes
Since the tourist slept , the artists mentioned the actor .	Did the tourist sleep ?	yes
Since the artists supported the senator , the professors recommended the actors .	Did the artists support the senator ?	yes
Though the doctors encouraged the athlete , the actor called the artist .	Did the doctors encourage the athlete ?	yes
While the artists danced , the student contacted the athletes .	Did the artists dance ?	yes
Because the senator mentioned the athlete , the president danced .	Did the senator mention the athlete ?	yes
Before the lawyer thanked the senator , the professors encouraged the secretaries .	Did the lawyer thank the senator ?	yes
Because the author admired the managers , the artists waited .	Did the author admire the managers ?	yes
While the senators believed the students , the doctors advised the secretaries .	Did the senators believe the students ?	yes
After the senators performed , the doctors contacted the judge .	Did the senators perform ?	yes
Though the athlete stopped the manager , the presidents helped the tourists .	Did the athlete stop the manager ?	yes
Because the banker arrived , the senators encouraged the artists .	Did the banker arrive ?	yes
Although the lawyer waited , the manager believed the scientist .	Did the lawyer wait ?	yes
After the senator mentioned the scientists , the athlete advised the lawyers .	Did the senator mention the scientists ?	yes
Though the banker resigned , the authors advised the judges .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
Though the actors saw the judges , the scientists danced .	Did the actors see the judges ?	yes
Though the artist saw the professor , the doctors slept .	Did the artist see the professor ?	yes
While the actor danced , the managers called the scientist .	Did the actor dance ?	yes
Because the judge danced , the lawyer waited .	Did the judge dance ?	yes
Before the lawyer recommended the senators , the athlete waited .	Did the lawyer recommend the senators ?	yes
Before the student believed the athletes , the artist mentioned the tourist .	Did the student believe the athletes ?	yes
Because the secretaries arrived , the tourists ran .	Did the secretaries arrive ?	yes
Though the artist stopped the senator , the bankers advised the students .	Did the artist stop the senator ?	yes
Though the athletes helped the tourists , the managers encouraged the professor .	Did the athletes help the tourists ?	yes
While the banker avoided the secretaries , the student resigned .	Did the banker avoid the secretaries ?	yes
Before the doctor introduced the senator , the tourists danced .	Did the doctor introduce the senator ?	yes
Though the professors stopped the authors , the bankers advised the doctors .	Did the professors stop the authors ?	yes
After the presidents arrived , the secretary introduced the tourist .	Did the presidents arrive ?	yes
Though the doctor resigned , the bankers thanked the author .	Did the doctor resign ?	yes
While the lawyers recognized the authors , the banker contacted the presidents .	Did the lawyers recognize the authors ?	yes
After the actors helped the professor , the banker introduced the manager .	Did the actors help the professor ?	yes
Since the student danced , the manager contacted the athletes .	Did the student dance ?	yes
Since the artist thanked the tourists , the professor helped the judges .	Did the artist thank the tourists ?	yes
Before the presidents waited , the manager ran .	Did the presidents wait ?	yes
Although the student danced , the secretaries arrived .	Did the student dance ?	yes
Although the judge shouted , the scientist avoided the authors .	Did the judge shout ?	yes
Before the doctor waited , the authors resigned .	Did the doctor wait ?	yes
Though the scientist saw the presidents , the doctors advised the author .	Did the scientist see the presidents ?	yes
Because the senators waited , the athletes arrived .	Did the senators wait ?	yes
Because the lawyer shouted , the senators encouraged the secretaries .	Did the lawyer shout ?	yes
Because the author saw the secretary , the presidents arrived .	Did the author see the secretary ?	yes
Because the artist shouted , the author performed .	Did the artist shout ?	yes
Though the artist believed the manager , the judges slept .	Did the artist believe the manager ?	yes
Since the manager stopped the actor , the presidents advised the athletes .	Did the manager stop the actor ?	yes
While the doctor saw the scientists , the bankers arrived .	Did the doctor see the scientists ?	yes
Though the scientists performed , the manager recognized the professors .	Did the scientists perform ?	yes
After the artist avoided the athlete , the tourists helped the manager .	Did the artist avoid the athlete ?	yes
Though the athlete stopped the president , the judge arrived .	Did the athlete stop the president ?	yes
Although the author resigned , the actor saw the artists .	Did the author resign ?	yes
Though the student mentioned the judges , the manager waited .	Did the student mention the judges ?	yes
While the author arrived , the doctors performed .	Did the author arrive ?	yes
Before the banker slept , the senators danced .	Did the banker sleep ?	yes
After the artist admired the senator , the lawyer thanked the bankers .	Did the artist admire the senator ?	yes
Because the bankers resigned , the artist contacted the actors .	Did the bankers resign ?	yes
Since the manager contacted the actors , the judge recognized the scientist .	Did the manager contact the actors ?	yes
After the professors ran , the students waited .	Did the professors run ?	yes
After the athlete introduced the tourists , the managers recommended the professor .	Did the athlete introduce the tourists ?	yes
Since the secretaries shouted , the professor slept .	Did the secretaries shout ?	yes
Because the judges performed , the managers believed the actor .	Did the judges perform ?	yes
Though the president mentioned the bankers , the senators saw the actors .	Did the president mention the bankers ?	yes
Because the actors believed the professors , the authors ran .	Did the actors believe the professors ?	yes
After the scientist saw the actors , the judges encouraged the artists .	Did the scientist see the actors ?	yes
Before the banker resigned , the president recognized the tourist .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
While the scientists recognized the tourist , the judges helped the lawyers .	Did the scientists recognize the tourist ?	yes
After the authors arrived , the professor resigned .	Did the authors arrive ?	yes
Though the doctors arrived , the actor slept .	Did the doctors arrive ?	yes
Since the professor believed the student , the bankers supported the scientists .	Did the professor believe the student ?	yes
Before the senators performed , the author thanked the actors .	Did the senators perform ?	yes
Though the senators supported the actors , the secretaries performed .	Did the senators support the actors ?	yes
Though the professors performed , the secretary advised the senator .	Did the professors perform ?	yes
Before the student slept , the scientists stopped the actor .	Did the student sleep ?	yes
Since the senator waited , the doctors encouraged the tourists .	Did the senator wait ?	yes
Because the students arrived , the tourists introduced the scientists .	Did the students arrive ?	yes
Since the lawyers introduced the student , the judges encouraged the scientists .	Did the lawyers introduce the student ?	yes
Although the manager stopped the actor , the artists supported the tourist .	Did the manager stop the actor ?	yes
Because the secretaries mentioned the author , the manager resigned .	Did the secretaries mention the author ?	yes
Since the managers ran , the doctors recognized the tourists .	Did the managers run ?	yes
Though the tourist slept , the professors supported the scientists .	Did the tourist sleep ?	yes
Though the banker shouted , the lawyers saw the secretary .	Did the banker shout ?	yes
Because the secretaries helped the professors , the manager recognized the authors .	Did the secretaries help the professors ?	yes
Although the judge mentioned the actor , the artist admired the athletes .	Did the judge mention the actor ?	yes
Although the judges mentioned the scientist , the tourist recognized the doctor .	Did the judges mention the scientist ?	yes
After the banker advised the president , the tourist saw the actor .	Did the banker advise the president ?	yes
After the tourists performed , the managers advised the professor .	Did the tourists perform ?	yes
While the presidents performed , the athlete called the student .	Did the presidents perform ?	yes
Because the senator resigned , the artists called the authors .	Did the senator resign ?	yes
Before the professors shouted , the managers thanked the authors .	Did the professors shout ?	yes
Although the senator called the professor , the doctor supported the judges .	Did the senator call the professor ?	yes
Though the doctor advised the judges , the president helped the actors .	Did the doctor advise the judges ?	yes
Before the secretaries slept , the tourists mentioned the bankers .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	yes
Before the professors performed , the bankers recommended the manager .	Did the professors perform ?	yes
Although the lawyers performed , the bankers saw the scientist .	Did the lawyers perform ?	yes
Because the athlete danced , the manager slept .	Did the athlete dance ?	yes
Because the professor waited , the author contacted the students .	Did the professor wait ?	yes
Although the scientist avoided the doctor , the secretary stopped the lawyers .	Did the scientist avoid the doctor ?	yes
Though the senator ran , the artists introduced the student .	Did the senator run ?	yes
After the scientists thanked the secretary , the actors recognized the senators .	Did the scientists thank the secretary ?	yes
Though the students supported the actors , the bankers saw the secretaries .	Did the students support the actors ?	yes
Because the tourists arrived , the presidents encouraged the bankers .	Did the tourists arrive ?	yes
Before the doctors advised the manager , the lawyer called the actor .	Did the doctors advise the manager ?	yes
Though the bankers avoided the judges , the lawyer admired the tourists .	Did the bankers avoid the judges ?	yes
While the author resigned , the tourist thanked the students .	Did the author resign ?	yes
Since the bankers thanked the student , the senators introduced the author .	Did the bankers thank the student ?	yes
Although the senator shouted , the professor danced .	Did the senator shout ?	yes
While the judges danced , the actor thanked the presidents .	Did the judges dance ?	yes
After the secretaries mentioned the tourist , the senator performed .	Did the secretaries mention the tourist ?	yes
Though the secretaries performed , the lawyer contacted the student .	Did the secretaries perform ?	yes
Although the judge performed , the senator believed the secretary .	Did the judge perform ?	yes
Since the lawyers arrived , the judge supported the manager .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
After the managers ran , the professors contacted the author .	Did the managers run ?	yes
Since the student shouted , the secretary supported the actors .	Did the student shout ?	yes
Because the managers avoided the judge , the senator mentioned the doctors .	Did the managers avoid the judge ?	yes
Because the senators avoided the bankers , the artist mentioned the professor .	Did the senators avoid the bankers ?	yes
Since the student saw the doctors , the lawyer contacted the artist .	Did the student see the doctors ?	yes
Although the actors admired the artists , the athlete called the scientist .	Did the actors admire the artists ?	yes
After the athletes saw the scientist , the tourists contacted the bankers .	Did the athletes see the scientist ?	yes
Since the athletes waited , the presidents encouraged the manager .	Did the athletes wait ?	yes
While the senators recognized the authors , the lawyers believed the secretary .	Did the senators recognize the authors ?	yes
Although the secretary admired the tourist , the bankers helped the actor .	Did the secretary admire the tourist ?	yes
Since the secretary resigned , the bankers believed the professors .	Did the secretary resign ?	yes
Because the student introduced the artist , the lawyer thanked the senator .	Did the student introduce the artist ?	yes
After the judges danced , the doctors slept .	Did the judges dance ?	yes
After the banker waited , the actors called the tourists .	Did the banker wait ?	yes
While the banker resigned , the lawyer supported the manager .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
Although the author advised the athlete , the actors thanked the senators .	Did the author advise the athlete ?	yes
Though the artist slept , the athletes stopped the secretary .	Did the artist sleep ?	yes
Although the senators thanked the actor , the professor called the secretaries .	Did the senators thank the actor ?	yes
After the judges mentioned the professor , the managers recommended the artist .	Did the judges mention the professor ?	yes
Since the authors ran , the actor waited .	Did the authors run ?	yes
Because the authors introduced the manager , the tourists called the presidents .	Did the authors introduce the manager ?	yes
Although the banker recognized the artists , the lawyers arrived .	Did the banker recognize the artists ?	yes
Since the author mentioned the presidents , the tourists recognized the senators .	Did the author mention the presidents ?	yes
Although the senator performed , the athlete resigned .	Did the senator perform ?	yes
After the scientists supported the manager , the senators helped the professor .	Did the scientists support the manager ?	yes
Because the judges saw the artists , the professors slept .	Did the judges see the artists ?	yes
While the president helped the author , the actor recommended the judge .	Did the president help the author ?	yes
Before the judges admired the actors , the presidents thanked the managers .	Did the judges admire the actors ?	yes
After the senators contacted the actors , the artist stopped the managers .	Did the senators contact the actors ?	yes
Because the artist danced , the doctors waited .	Did the artist dance ?	yes
Because the doctor arrived , the professors helped the author .	Did the doctor arrive ?	yes
While the lawyer avoided the secretary , the athletes stopped the senator .	Did the lawyer avoid the secretary ?	yes
While the professors mentioned the secretary , the president thanked the scientists .	Did the professors mention the secretary ?	yes
Although the doctor introduced the student , the president performed .	Did the doctor introduce the student ?	yes
Since the author admired the tourist , the president arrived .	Did the author admire the tourist ?	yes
Although the presidents saw the doctors , the secretary arrived .	Did the presidents see the doctors ?	yes
After the bankers recommended the manager , the lawyers encouraged the doctors .	Did the bankers recommend the manager ?	yes
Since the bankers performed , the artists believed the scientists .	Did the bankers perform ?	yes
Because the banker recommended the authors , the president shouted .	Did the banker recommend the authors ?	yes
Before the presidents stopped the judge , the artists performed .	Did the presidents stop the judge ?	yes
Because the students arrived , the secretary called the doctors .	Did the students arrive ?	yes
Because the judge advised the athletes , the lawyer introduced the secretaries .	Did the judge advise the athletes ?	yes
Since the bankers danced , the lawyers admired the authors .	Did the bankers dance ?	yes
Because the professors resigned , the president stopped the author .	Did the professors resign ?	yes
After the secretaries thanked the doctors , the professor advised the lawyer .	Did the secretaries thank the doctors ?	yes
While the senators shouted , the banker supported the students .	Did the senators shout ?	yes
Since the professors mentioned the judge , the students waited .	Did the professors mention the judge ?	yes
Although the banker avoided the managers , the lawyers stopped the doctors .	Did the banker avoid the managers ?	yes
Because the authors stopped the secretaries , the actor admired the professors .	Did the authors stop the secretaries ?	yes
Because the students ran , the senator recognized the lawyers .	Did the students run ?	yes
After the scientists recommended the manager , the judge resigned .	Did the scientists recommend the manager ?	yes
After the presidents introduced the artists , the athlete admired the students .	Did the presidents introduce the artists ?	yes
Since the secretary admired the senator , the artists resigned .	Did the secretary admire the senator ?	yes
Although the senator waited , the professors performed .	Did the senator wait ?	yes
After the manager waited , the artist advised the athletes .	Did the manager wait ?	yes
After the student slept , the tourist believed the scientists .	Did the student sleep ?	yes
Although the athletes waited , the scientist called the author .	Did the athletes wait ?	yes
Before the banker resigned , the lawyer performed .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
Although the scientists thanked the senators , the tourists performed .	Did the scientists thank the senators ?	yes
Because the scientist called the managers , the tourists slept .	Did the scientist call the managers ?	yes
After the tourists advised the students , the managers arrived .	Did the tourists advise the students ?	yes
Although the senators resigned , the judges ran .	Did the senators resign ?	yes
Though the author encouraged the lawyer , the tourist waited .	Did the author encourage the lawyer ?	yes
Since the doctor avoided the lawyers , the artists recognized the tourists .	Did the doctor avoid the lawyers ?	yes
Before the judges danced , the students shouted .	Did the judges dance ?	yes
After the tourists introduced the athletes , the scientists encouraged the lawyer .	Did the tourists introduce the athletes ?	yes
Before the author encouraged the secretaries , the lawyers recommended the actor .	Did the author encourage the secretaries ?	yes
Though the senator avoided the scientist , the athletes helped the presidents .	Did the senator avoid the scientist ?	yes
Because the athletes arrived , the artists ran .	Did the athletes arrive ?	yes
Although the doctor recommended the banker , the scientist called the lawyer .	Did the doctor recommend the banker ?	yes
Though the scientists shouted , the professor admired the doctor .	Did the scientists shout ?	yes
Before the scientists contacted the doctors , the tourists waited .	Did the scientists contact the doctors ?	yes
After the author ran , the scientists recommended the secretaries .	Did the author run ?	yes
Though the scientist contacted the professor , the managers saw the authors .	Did the scientist contact the professor ?	yes
While the athlete slept , the authors believed the judge .	Did the athlete sleep ?	yes
Before the athletes slept , the doctors arrived .	Did the athletes sleep ?	yes
While the athletes supported the secretaries , the student advised the actors .	Did the athletes support the secretaries ?	yes
While the authors slept , the managers contacted the lawyer .	Did the authors sleep ?	yes
Because the president slept , the bankers arrived .	Did the president sleep ?	yes
While the manager waited , the actor slept .	Did the manager wait ?	yes
Since the senators saw the actor , the manager introduced the scientist .	Did the senators see the actor ?	yes
Although the scientist slept , the president advised the students .	Did the scientist sleep ?	yes
Although the doctor saw the secretary , the presidents avoided the lawyers .	Did the doctor see the secretary ?	yes
While the judges recognized the presidents , the scientists advised the secretary .	Did the judges recognize the presidents ?	yes
Since the senator encouraged the managers , the professor believed the lawyer .	Did the senator encourage the managers ?	yes
Since the doctor mentioned the actors , the athlete recognized the lawyer .	Did the doctor mention the actors ?	yes
Although the senator believed the artists , the secretary ran .	Did the senator believe the artists ?	yes
Although the scientist stopped the lawyers , the tourists recognized the actor .	Did the scientist stop the lawyers ?	yes
Although the judges recognized the professors , the scientist danced .	Did the judges recognize the professors ?	yes
Because the authors resigned , the athlete arrived .	Did the authors resign ?	yes
Since the professor waited , the author called the lawyer .	Did the professor wait ?	yes
Since the secretaries helped the professors , the manager slept .	Did the secretaries help the professors ?	yes
Since the tourists supported the lawyer , the athletes resigned .	Did the tourists support the lawyer ?	yes
Though the professor thanked the doctors , the lawyers ran .	Did the professor thank the doctors ?	yes
Although the banker shouted , the senator avoided the authors .	Did the banker shout ?	yes
Before the athlete waited , the judge admired the scientists .	Did the athlete wait ?	yes
Though the president performed , the actors danced .	Did the president perform ?	yes
Before the doctors contacted the scientists , the tourist saw the judge .	Did the doctors contact the scientists ?	yes
Since the professor recommended the judges , the lawyer recognized the scientists .	Did the professor recommend the judges ?	yes
Because the presidents saw the lawyers , the senator resigned .	Did the presidents see the lawyers ?	yes
Since the artist avoided the judge , the president mentioned the senators .	Did the artist avoid the judge ?	yes
While the lawyer encouraged the professor , the artists performed .	Did the lawyer encourage the professor ?	yes
After the doctors resigned , the managers avoided the judge .	Did the doctors resign ?	yes
Though the senators recognized the professors , the presidents advised the scientists .	Did the senators recognize the professors ?	yes
Before the manager helped the lawyer , the artist slept .	Did the manager help the lawyer ?	yes
Though the tourists danced , the judge ran .	Did the tourists dance ?	yes
While the scientist arrived , the athletes thanked the presidents .	Did the scientist arrive ?	yes
Since the doctors shouted , the professor waited .	Did the doctors shout ?	yes
While the lawyers helped the secretaries , the scientists introduced the doctor .	Did the lawyers help the secretaries ?	yes
After the actors encouraged the bankers , the secretary introduced the scientist .	Did the actors encourage the bankers ?	yes
Since the actors recognized the athletes , the students stopped the secretary .	Did the actors recognize the athletes ?	yes
Before the banker admired the senators , the president stopped the tourist .	Did the banker admire the senators ?	yes
While the lawyer contacted the artists , the secretaries supported the scientist .	Did the lawyer contact the artists ?	yes
Although the author advised the artists , the student supported the secretary .	Did the author advise the artists ?	yes
Before the judge arrived , the students performed .	Did the judge arrive ?	yes
Although the lawyer recognized the professor , the bankers encouraged the artists .	Did the lawyer recognize the professor ?	yes
Before the professor encouraged the judges , the authors slept .	Did the professor encourage the judges ?	yes
After the doctors advised the president , the secretary recommended the senators .	Did the doctors advise the president ?	yes
While the actors advised the athletes , the artist ran .	Did the actors advise the athletes ?	yes
Before the professors danced , the scientist recognized the lawyer .	Did the professors dance ?	yes
Although the banker introduced the president , the artist thanked the doctor .	Did the banker introduce the president ?	yes
Though the presidents shouted , the managers arrived .	Did the presidents shout ?	yes
Though the actors ran , the doctor introduced the lawyer .	Did the actors run ?	yes
Since the doctor slept , the lawyers admired the banker .	Did the doctor sleep ?	yes
Though the professors admired the lawyer , the scientist danced .	Did the professors admire the lawyer ?	yes
Though the senator believed the author , the actors mentioned the scientists .	Did the senator believe the author ?	yes
Though the lawyer arrived , the presidents recommended the bankers .	Did the lawyer arrive ?	yes
After the bankers believed the doctors , the professors recommended the senator .	Did the bankers believe the doctors ?	yes
After the actors mentioned the author , the scientists thanked the judges .	Did the actors mention the author ?	yes
Because the actor saw the judge , the president avoided the artists .	Did the actor see the judge ?	yes
Although the artist mentioned the senators , the athletes waited .	Did the artist mention the senators ?	yes
After the artists believed the actors , the manager encouraged the authors .	Did the artists believe the actors ?	yes
Since the manager recommended the secretary , the athlete slept .	Did the manager recommend the secretary ?	yes
Before the managers recognized the lawyer , the authors shouted .	Did the managers recognize the lawyer ?	yes
Since the presidents recognized the athletes , the secretaries helped the professor .	Did the presidents recognize the athletes ?	yes
After the artists danced , the professor shouted .	Did the artists dance ?	yes
While the athletes introduced the doctor , the lawyers admired the senators .	Did the athletes introduce the doctor ?	yes
After the senators helped the professors , the banker avoided the lawyer .	Did the senators help the professors ?	yes
Because the lawyer waited , the doctors supported the banker .	Did the lawyer wait ?	yes
Though the actor recognized the athlete , the lawyer performed .	Did the actor recognize the athlete ?	yes
Before the athlete supported the student , the doctors avoided the banker .	Did the athlete support the student ?	yes
Before the athletes mentioned the actors , the students performed .	Did the athletes mention the actors ?	yes
Though the scientist saw the artists , the professor believed the lawyers .	Did the scientist see the artists ?	yes
Since the tourists danced , the author supported the judge .	Did the tourists dance ?	yes
Though the artist saw the presidents , the doctor recognized the actors .	Did the artist see the presidents ?	yes
While the actor avoided the scientist , the professor shouted .	Did the actor avoid the scientist ?	yes
Since the authors stopped the manager , the lawyer shouted .	Did the authors stop the manager ?	yes
Before the scientists thanked the judges , the actors admired the manager .	Did the scientists thank the judges ?	yes
Since the scientists avoided the doctor , the authors encouraged the bankers .	Did the scientists avoid the doctor ?	yes
After the artists contacted the senator , the judges thanked the athlete .	Did the artists contact the senator ?	yes
While the secretaries danced , the bankers shouted .	Did the secretaries dance ?	yes
While the athlete encouraged the banker , the senator ran .	Did the athlete encourage the banker ?	yes
After the managers introduced the presidents , the senator recommended the scientist .	Did the managers introduce the presidents ?	yes
While the athletes introduced the manager , the doctor saw the professors .	Did the athletes introduce the manager ?	yes
Because the lawyers recognized the actor , the managers recommended the president .	Did the lawyers recognize the actor ?	yes
After the bankers mentioned the lawyer , the doctor performed .	Did the bankers mention the lawyer ?	yes
Before the banker shouted , the lawyers thanked the secretaries .	Did the banker shout ?	yes
After the professors mentioned the judges , the senators performed .	Did the professors mention the judges ?	yes
Because the secretary thanked the artists , the authors saw the banker .	Did the secretary thank the artists ?	yes
Though the tourist ran , the professors helped the lawyers .	Did the tourist run ?	yes
Though the professors stopped the actors , the secretaries supported the doctors .	Did the professors stop the actors ?	yes
Since the scientists recognized the student , the banker performed .	Did the scientists recognize the student ?	yes
While the tourists recommended the scientist , the secretary resigned .	Did the tourists recommend the scientist ?	yes
Since the scientist ran , the judges recommended the professor .	Did the scientist run ?	yes
Although the lawyers called the authors , the managers performed .	Did the lawyers call the authors ?	yes
After the lawyer avoided the doctors , the authors arrived .	Did the lawyer avoid the doctors ?	yes
Because the artists called the athlete , the judges supported the secretaries .	Did the artists call the athlete ?	yes
After the artist helped the scientist , the author mentioned the students .	Did the artist help the scientist ?	yes
Since the secretaries performed , the actor shouted .	Did the secretaries perform ?	yes
Though the manager admired the professors , the senators thanked the president .	Did the manager admire the professors ?	yes
Although the authors contacted the bankers , the presidents saw the student .	Did the authors contact the bankers ?	yes
Since the artists arrived , the judge ran .	Did the artists arrive ?	yes
While the lawyers recommended the president , the artist helped the senator .	Did the lawyers recommend the president ?	yes
Because the lawyers arrived , the managers recommended the doctors .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
While the senators introduced the scientists , the lawyers called the professors .	Did the senators introduce the scientists ?	yes
Because the bankers performed , the artist mentioned the actors .	Did the bankers perform ?	yes
After the senator arrived , the students danced .	Did the senator arrive ?	yes
Although the tourist advised the author , the senators avoided the artists .	Did the tourist advise the author ?	yes
Though the actors believed the bankers , the lawyers mentioned the students .	Did the actors believe the bankers ?	yes
Before the actors supported the scientists , the artist danced .	Did the actors support the scientists ?	yes
Though the banker mentioned the doctors , the judges helped the students .	Did the banker mention the doctors ?	yes
Though the secretaries introduced the artists , the judge thanked the athlete .	Did the secretaries introduce the artists ?	yes
While the secretaries saw the presidents , the artist slept .	Did the secretaries see the presidents ?	yes
After the athletes slept , the judges believed the scientists .	Did the athletes sleep ?	yes
Since the banker shouted , the athlete contacted the president .	Did the banker shout ?	yes
Though the student called the tourist , the athletes performed .	Did the student call the tourist ?	yes
Although the students advised the lawyers , the actors mentioned the tourist .	Did the students advise the lawyers ?	yes
Though the actors recommended the judges , the lawyer shouted .	Did the actors recommend the judges ?	yes
Because the artist mentioned the professor , the manager slept .	Did the artist mention the professor ?	yes
While the athletes shouted , the doctor resigned .	Did the athletes shout ?	yes
Although the doctor supported the secretary , the authors arrived .	Did the doctor support the secretary ?	yes
Because the professors recommended the tourist , the artist admired the banker .	Did the professors recommend the tourist ?	yes
Before the secretaries stopped the author , the senator encouraged the tourists .	Did the secretaries stop the author ?	yes
Before the actor recognized the scientists , the managers saw the presidents .	Did the actor recognize the scientists ?	yes
Though the judges danced , the doctor resigned .	Did the judges dance ?	yes
Although the authors slept , the secretaries advised the actors .	Did the authors sleep ?	yes
Since the senator encouraged the professor , the actor advised the secretary .	Did the senator encourage the professor ?	yes
Because the secretary helped the president , the tourists performed .	Did the secretary help the president ?	yes
Though the scientists mentioned the professor , the athletes admired the students .	Did the scientists mention the professor ?	yes
While the professor contacted the actors , the doctor slept .	Did the professor contact the actors ?	yes
Although the judge slept , the doctors stopped the banker .	Did the judge sleep ?	yes
Though the scientists advised the judges , the managers performed .	Did the scientists advise the judges ?	yes
Although the tourists thanked the scientist , the bankers believed the author .	Did the tourists thank the scientist ?	yes
After the actors recognized the tourist , the authors waited .	Did the actors recognize the tourist ?	yes
Though the actors supported the students , the professor mentioned the secretaries .	Did the actors support the students ?	yes
Though the artists performed , the professors resigned .	Did the artists perform ?	yes
After the lawyers ran , the author recommended the tourists .	Did the lawyers run ?	yes
Though the senator saw the president , the professor helped the managers .	Did the senator see the president ?	yes
Though the judges mentioned the professor , the senator waited .	Did the judges mention the professor ?	yes
While the managers resigned , the artists contacted the professors .	Did the managers resign ?	yes
After the student contacted the president , the secretaries shouted .	Did the student contact the president ?	yes
Though the author supported the banker , the tourist danced .	Did the author support the banker ?	yes
Before the tourists thanked the authors , the professor slept .	Did the tourists thank the authors ?	yes
Although the author waited , the scientist contacted the judges .	Did the author wait ?	yes
Although the judges recognized the artists , the author supported the senators .	Did the judges recognize the artists ?	yes
Since the actors believed the athletes , the tourist stopped the doctors .	Did the actors believe the athletes ?	yes
Because the managers waited , the presidents introduced the judge .	Did the managers wait ?	yes
Before the professors arrived , the senators thanked the judges .	Did the professors arrive ?	yes
Since the lawyers performed , the tourist slept .	Did the lawyers perform ?	yes
Though the athletes performed , the banker ran .	Did the athletes perform ?	yes
After the students performed , the doctor thanked the manager .	Did the students perform ?	yes
Though the presidents introduced the professors , the managers arrived .	Did the presidents introduce the professors ?	yes
Although the doctors saw the presidents , the lawyers recommended the artists .	Did the doctors see the presidents ?	yes
While the doctor called the lawyers , the artist advised the tourist .	Did the doctor call the lawyers ?	yes
After the artists mentioned the students , the professors danced .	Did the artists mention the students ?	yes
Because the lawyer believed the senator , the doctors performed .	Did the lawyer believe the senator ?	yes
While the president supported the actors , the senators shouted .	Did the president support the actors ?	yes
Since the secretary stopped the presidents , the student slept .	Did the secretary stop the presidents ?	yes
Since the athlete recommended the author , the secretary encouraged the scientist .	Did the athlete recommend the author ?	yes
Although the athlete called the scientists , the actor believed the authors .	Did the athlete call the scientists ?	yes
Because the secretaries thanked the tourist , the senator saw the doctor .	Did the secretaries thank the tourist ?	yes
Although the bankers danced , the athlete called the lawyers .	Did the bankers dance ?	yes
Though the student encouraged the athletes , the bankers mentioned the authors .	Did the student encourage the athletes ?	yes
Before the lawyers contacted the athlete , the president admired the senator .	Did the lawyers contact the athlete ?	yes
Since the tourist believed the judges , the presidents mentioned the scientist .	Did the tourist believe the judges ?	yes
After the author performed , the professor thanked the scientist .	Did the author perform ?	yes
Since the actors introduced the students , the lawyer saw the manager .	Did the actors introduce the students ?	yes
Since the doctors believed the authors , the student performed .	Did the doctors believe the authors ?	yes
Because the artist thanked the student , the judges encouraged the lawyer .	Did the artist thank the student ?	yes
While the secretaries contacted the lawyers , the actors ran .	Did the secretaries contact the lawyers ?	yes
Though the actors admired the bankers , the athlete thanked the students .	Did the actors admire the bankers ?	yes
Because the tourists recommended the actor , the student helped the secretaries .	Did the tourists recommend the actor ?	yes
Because the artist supported the athlete , the senators shouted .	Did the artist support the athlete ?	yes
Because the president avoided the scientists , the judges performed .	Did the president avoid the scientists ?	yes
Because the artist ran , the judge recognized the senators .	Did the artist run ?	yes
Before the doctor shouted , the athletes saw the judge .	Did the doctor shout ?	yes
Because the tourist saw the doctors , the student shouted .	Did the tourist see the doctors ?	yes
After the actors advised the author , the professors helped the tourists .	Did the actors advise the author ?	yes
Since the senators thanked the president , the secretaries advised the authors .	Did the senators thank the president ?	yes
Before the actors believed the doctors , the lawyer ran .	Did the actors believe the doctors ?	yes
Since the tourist arrived , the athletes believed the president .	Did the tourist arrive ?	yes
Although the actors arrived , the senator advised the scientists .	Did the actors arrive ?	yes
Though the athlete recognized the actor , the president avoided the scientists .	Did the athlete recognize the actor ?	yes
While the manager believed the tourist , the senators recognized the bankers .	Did the manager believe the tourist ?	yes
Although the scientists advised the doctor , the managers believed the judge .	Did the scientists advise the doctor ?	yes
After the doctors encouraged the lawyer , the tourist recommended the secretary .	Did the doctors encourage the lawyer ?	yes
Since the manager encouraged the actors , the presidents waited .	Did the manager encourage the actors ?	yes
Before the doctors supported the judges , the tourist admired the banker .	Did the doctors support the judges ?	yes
Since the doctors waited , the athletes stopped the senators .	Did the doctors wait ?	yes
Although the manager mentioned the professor , the artists performed .	Did the manager mention the professor ?	yes
Though the actors shouted , the bankers called the scientists .	Did the actors shout ?	yes
Because the students mentioned the secretaries , the doctors introduced the presidents .	Did the students mention the secretaries ?	yes
Since the doctor called the athletes , the scientist avoided the students .	Did the doctor call the athletes ?	yes
Before the artist waited , the athlete danced .	Did the artist wait ?	yes
After the managers encouraged the banker , the judge recognized the tourists .	Did the managers encourage the banker ?	yes
Since the athletes shouted , the actor recognized the professor .	Did the actor recognize the professor ?	yes
After the manager encouraged the secretaries , the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	yes
Before the actor recommended the author , the lawyer danced .	Did the lawyer dance ?	yes
In case the actor helped the judge , the banker advised the lawyer .	Did the banker advise the lawyer ?	yes
Since the artist recommended the scientist , the actors ran .	Did the actors run ?	yes
In case the scientists ran , the judges supported the athlete .	Did the judges support the athlete ?	yes
Although the tourists recognized the doctors , the judge admired the professor .	Did the judge admire the professor ?	yes
Although the secretaries performed , the judges supported the scientist .	Did the judges support the scientist ?	yes
Though the tourists recommended the managers , the scientists helped the authors .	Did the scientists help the authors ?	yes
Because the students waited , the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	yes
While the artist slept , the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	yes
Because the bankers called the actor , the doctor saw the president .	Did the doctor see the president ?	yes
Whether or not the artists shouted , the students stopped the president .	Did the students stop the president ?	yes
Although the tourists introduced the senators , the managers called the doctor .	Did the managers call the doctor ?	yes
In case the students slept , the presidents shouted .	Did the presidents shout ?	yes
While the tourists saw the lawyer , the scientists recognized the secretary .	Did the scientists recognize the secretary ?	yes
Since the actor performed , the athlete encouraged the lawyers .	Did the athlete encourage the lawyers ?	yes
Whether or not the scientist performed , the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	yes
After the artist supported the manager , the doctors slept .	Did the doctors sleep ?	yes
In case the senators introduced the students , the doctors danced .	Did the doctors dance ?	yes
Although the author advised the scientist , the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	yes
Since the tourist supported the president , the doctors called the scientist .	Did the doctors call the scientist ?	yes
Because the artist thanked the professors , the scientists avoided the judges .	Did the scientists avoid the judges ?	yes
Because the athletes ran , the lawyer encouraged the artist .	Did the lawyer encourage the artist ?	yes
In case the actor danced , the lawyers recognized the senator .	Did the lawyers recognize the senator ?	yes
Whether or not the professor danced , the secretary saw the scientists .	Did the secretary see the scientists ?	yes
Though the secretary advised the actors , the manager admired the lawyers .	Did the manager admire the lawyers ?	yes
Though the scientists recognized the lawyers , the doctors recommended the secretaries .	Did the doctors recommend the secretaries ?	yes
Although the president ran , the artists saw the secretary .	Did the artists see the secretary ?	yes
While the professors avoided the secretary , the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	yes
After the athletes avoided the actor , the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	yes
While the doctors ran , the senators resigned .	Did the senators resign ?	yes
Since the scientist admired the doctor , the actors mentioned the authors .	Did the actors mention the authors ?	yes
While the bankers arrived , the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	yes
Since the professors saw the students , the managers called the artists .	Did the managers call the artists ?	yes
After the senators believed the doctor , the bankers recommended the student .	Did the bankers recommend the student ?	yes
Although the student supported the artist , the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	yes
Whether or not the athletes danced , the presidents stopped the actor .	Did the presidents stop the actor ?	yes
Although the managers thanked the professors , the athlete helped the secretary .	Did the athlete help the secretary ?	yes
Because the actors contacted the manager , the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	yes
Before the athlete thanked the senator , the actors recommended the manager .	Did the actors recommend the manager ?	yes
Because the doctors introduced the senator , the president believed the manager .	Did the president believe the manager ?	yes
After the actors recommended the bankers , the managers saw the tourist .	Did the managers see the tourist ?	yes
Because the senators stopped the manager , the artist helped the doctors .	Did the artist help the doctors ?	yes
After the doctors performed , the bankers recommended the authors .	Did the bankers recommend the authors ?	yes
After the tourist recommended the judges , the author helped the actors .	Did the author help the actors ?	yes
Whether or not the tourists supported the actor , the banker advised the students .	Did the banker advise the students ?	yes
Before the secretaries introduced the artists , the scientist advised the senators .	Did the scientist advise the senators ?	yes
After the author arrived , the bankers recommended the actor .	Did the bankers recommend the actor ?	yes
Since the actors stopped the managers , the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	yes
Though the artists shouted , the students ran .	Did the students run ?	yes
Before the professors saw the doctors , the secretary thanked the bankers .	Did the secretary thank the bankers ?	yes
In case the banker saw the lawyer , the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	yes
In case the secretaries helped the actors , the professor supported the artist .	Did the professor support the artist ?	yes
Since the student arrived , the scientist admired the president .	Did the scientist admire the president ?	yes
Since the actors admired the scientists , the lawyer recommended the authors .	Did the lawyer recommend the authors ?	yes
Before the judge helped the senators , the actor mentioned the tourists .	Did the actor mention the tourists ?	yes
Before the actor waited , the authors introduced the scientists .	Did the authors introduce the scientists ?	yes
In case the managers supported the doctors , the student admired the secretary .	Did the student admire the secretary ?	yes
Since the actors helped the senator , the students admired the artist .	Did the students admire the artist ?	yes
Before the artists shouted , the students believed the managers .	Did the students believe the managers ?	yes
While the scientists supported the secretary , the authors contacted the lawyer .	Did the authors contact the lawyer ?	yes
Because the presidents slept , the judge mentioned the authors .	Did the judge mention the authors ?	yes
Whether or not the judge thanked the senators , the author resigned .	Did the author resign ?	yes
Because the secretary helped the actor , the scientist recognized the artists .	Did the scientist recognize the artists ?	yes
Since the secretary recognized the tourists , the athletes introduced the student .	Did the athletes introduce the student ?	yes
After the scientists recommended the secretary , the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	yes
Since the actor supported the students , the presidents called the doctors .	Did the presidents call the doctors ?	yes
In case the artist recommended the scientists , the manager stopped the judge .	Did the manager stop the judge ?	yes
After the lawyers advised the athlete , the student admired the actors .	Did the student admire the actors ?	yes
Because the banker admired the athletes , the scientist waited .	Did the scientist wait ?	yes
Before the professor recognized the scientist , the doctors mentioned the authors .	Did the doctors mention the authors ?	yes
Whether or not the professor admired the doctors , the banker waited .	Did the banker wait ?	yes
While the scientists stopped the senators , the authors believed the athlete .	Did the authors believe the athlete ?	yes
Although the author recognized the professors , the manager ran .	Did the manager run ?	yes
Before the professors performed , the lawyer avoided the managers .	Did the lawyer avoid the managers ?	yes
Though the judges recognized the author , the athletes called the scientist .	Did the athletes call the scientist ?	yes
Whether or not the lawyers advised the artist , the doctors avoided the student .	Did the doctors avoid the student ?	yes
After the doctors introduced the secretary , the student advised the managers .	Did the student advise the managers ?	yes
In case the judges slept , the artists contacted the tourists .	Did the artists contact the tourists ?	yes
While the artists performed , the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	yes
Before the scientists contacted the authors , the secretary thanked the athletes .	Did the secretary thank the athletes ?	yes
In case the student stopped the doctors , the senators recommended the secretary .	Did the senators recommend the secretary ?	yes
While the senators recommended the president , the artist shouted .	Did the artist shout ?	yes
Since the judges recommended the actor , the secretary recognized the lawyer .	Did the secretary recognize the lawyer ?	yes
Although the tourists arrived , the secretary saw the lawyer .	Did the secretary see the lawyer ?	yes
Though the senators recommended the athlete , the secretaries slept .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	yes
While the athlete encouraged the senators , the judge recommended the author .	Did the judge recommend the author ?	yes
Whether or not the senator ran , the lawyer slept .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	yes
Whether or not the managers ran , the president waited .	Did the president wait ?	yes
Since the athlete admired the secretaries , the doctors introduced the professors .	Did the doctors introduce the professors ?	yes
Since the professors supported the athletes , the banker mentioned the doctors .	Did the banker mention the doctors ?	yes
Since the professor waited , the author resigned .	Did the author resign ?	yes
Since the manager danced , the authors recommended the tourist .	Did the authors recommend the tourist ?	yes
After the judge encouraged the scientist , the actors introduced the tourists .	Did the actors introduce the tourists ?	yes
Since the authors recommended the artists , the scientist helped the professor .	Did the scientist help the professor ?	yes
After the students encouraged the scientists , the lawyers advised the judge .	Did the lawyers advise the judge ?	yes
In case the professors recommended the bankers , the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	yes
Though the lawyers slept , the scientists shouted .	Did the scientists shout ?	yes
Although the secretary contacted the doctor , the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	yes
Since the professors waited , the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	yes
While the banker shouted , the scientist recommended the actors .	Did the scientist recommend the actors ?	yes
While the artists arrived , the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
Although the student performed , the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	yes
Though the artist recommended the president , the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	yes
After the lawyers arrived , the authors avoided the actor .	Did the authors avoid the actor ?	yes
Because the artist waited , the athletes believed the bankers .	Did the athletes believe the bankers ?	yes
While the doctors arrived , the manager danced .	Did the manager dance ?	yes
Since the senator helped the authors , the artists advised the actor .	Did the artists advise the actor ?	yes
While the judge avoided the president , the actors believed the doctor .	Did the actors believe the doctor ?	yes
While the author advised the artist , the banker called the tourist .	Did the banker call the tourist ?	yes
Whether or not the artists performed , the athlete helped the students .	Did the athlete help the students ?	yes
Before the doctor stopped the tourists , the athlete avoided the artists .	Did the athlete avoid the artists ?	yes
Since the professor admired the artist , the bankers contacted the secretary .	Did the bankers contact the secretary ?	yes
After the lawyer shouted , the artist arrived .	Did the artist arrive ?	yes
Whether or not the lawyer danced , the authors believed the professors .	Did the authors believe the professors ?	yes
Because the senator shouted , the tourists recommended the banker .	Did the tourists recommend the banker ?	yes
Before the manager introduced the actor , the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	yes
While the judges resigned , the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	yes
Before the student advised the doctor , the presidents danced .	Did the presidents dance ?	yes
Because the scientist shouted , the artists helped the doctors .	Did the artists help the doctors ?	yes
Though the professor helped the authors , the doctors supported the tourists .	Did the doctors support the tourists ?	yes
Because the doctor called the lawyers , the athlete mentioned the presidents .	Did the athlete mention the presidents ?	yes
Though the presidents encouraged the senator , the managers arrived .	Did the managers arrive ?	yes
Whether or not the doctor danced , the actor supported the professors .	Did the actor support the professors ?	yes
While the artist shouted , the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	yes
Whether or not the president advised the artists , the authors waited .	Did the authors wait ?	yes
After the athlete admired the students , the bankers thanked the author .	Did the bankers thank the author ?	yes
Because the president danced , the judges contacted the senators .	Did the judges contact the senators ?	yes
Although the managers arrived , the judges avoided the banker .	Did the judges avoid the banker ?	yes
Before the lawyer resigned , the managers recognized the professor .	Did the managers recognize the professor ?	yes
While the actors advised the professors , the scientist recommended the students .	Did the scientist recommend the students ?	yes
Because the tourist saw the athlete , the senators supported the student .	Did the senators support the student ?	yes
Although the professors admired the lawyer , the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	yes
Because the bankers thanked the secretary , the judges stopped the artists .	Did the judges stop the artists ?	yes
Whether or not the judge shouted , the secretaries believed the students .	Did the secretaries believe the students ?	yes
Since the author performed , the doctors encouraged the presidents .	Did the doctors encourage the presidents ?	yes
Before the lawyer introduced the judge , the scientist saw the banker .	Did the scientist see the banker ?	yes
While the manager encouraged the authors , the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	yes
After the actors supported the lawyers , the secretaries danced .	Did the secretaries dance ?	yes
After the students advised the professor , the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	yes
Because the lawyer recognized the artist , the actor saw the scientist .	Did the actor see the scientist ?	yes
While the professor waited , the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	yes
After the judge recognized the secretary , the athlete resigned .	Did the athlete resign ?	yes
Though the senators contacted the artists , the professor introduced the scientists .	Did the professor introduce the scientists ?	yes
Before the actor encouraged the students , the scientists slept .	Did the scientists sleep ?	yes
Before the senators supported the student , the secretary ran .	Did the secretary run ?	yes
After the banker admired the lawyer , the professors arrived .	Did the professors arrive ?	yes
While the authors stopped the judge , the scientists helped the manager .	Did the scientists help the manager ?	yes
Because the actors believed the professor , the lawyers supported the tourist .	Did the lawyers support the tourist ?	yes
In case the artist saw the professors , the student thanked the tourist .	Did the student thank the tourist ?	yes
In case the students advised the tourists , the author danced .	Did the author dance ?	yes
Whether or not the secretary called the doctor , the senators resigned .	Did the senators resign ?	yes
Although the senators arrived , the president mentioned the banker .	Did the president mention the banker ?	yes
Before the managers recommended the lawyer , the artist contacted the scientists .	Did the artist contact the scientists ?	yes
Though the students admired the doctor , the scientists advised the judges .	Did the scientists advise the judges ?	yes
Whether or not the senator slept , the artist thanked the professor .	Did the artist thank the professor ?	yes
Though the tourists slept , the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	yes
In case the banker called the president , the tourists encouraged the actor .	Did the tourists encourage the actor ?	yes
In case the managers advised the senators , the doctors contacted the scientists .	Did the doctors contact the scientists ?	yes
Although the artist slept , the judge encouraged the professor .	Did the judge encourage the professor ?	yes
Because the actors advised the doctor , the lawyers mentioned the professors .	Did the lawyers mention the professors ?	yes
Whether or not the lawyers performed , the judge admired the artists .	Did the judge admire the artists ?	yes
While the artist recognized the athlete , the bankers helped the presidents .	Did the bankers help the presidents ?	yes
Whether or not the scientist stopped the banker , the students contacted the presidents .	Did the students contact the presidents ?	yes
Though the tourist called the bankers , the author mentioned the secretary .	Did the author mention the secretary ?	yes
Whether or not the lawyer helped the professor , the judge thanked the presidents .	Did the judge thank the presidents ?	yes
Whether or not the president recognized the bankers , the students called the judges .	Did the students call the judges ?	yes
Since the president saw the professor , the lawyer slept .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	yes
While the actors ran , the artists called the doctors .	Did the artists call the doctors ?	yes
After the banker believed the judge , the athletes contacted the presidents .	Did the athletes contact the presidents ?	yes
While the athletes contacted the manager , the actors resigned .	Did the actors resign ?	yes
Whether or not the manager helped the actor , the secretary contacted the tourists .	Did the secretary contact the tourists ?	yes
Although the president waited , the judge helped the actors .	Did the judge help the actors ?	yes
Though the lawyer recognized the athletes , the president saw the student .	Did the president see the student ?	yes
While the doctors waited , the athletes admired the secretaries .	Did the athletes admire the secretaries ?	yes
In case the artist thanked the manager , the senators resigned .	Did the senators resign ?	yes
Although the student avoided the authors , the presidents saw the athlete .	Did the presidents see the athlete ?	yes
Though the managers advised the lawyers , the judge believed the athlete .	Did the judge believe the athlete ?	yes
After the bankers waited , the senator encouraged the secretaries .	Did the senator encourage the secretaries ?	yes
In case the judge called the secretaries , the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	yes
Although the managers contacted the author , the judges ran .	Did the judges run ?	yes
Since the artist helped the tourist , the doctors introduced the author .	Did the doctors introduce the author ?	yes
While the secretary stopped the athletes , the students admired the lawyers .	Did the students admire the lawyers ?	yes
In case the doctor called the manager , the professors recognized the students .	Did the professors recognize the students ?	yes
Since the athletes avoided the managers , the authors introduced the senators .	Did the authors introduce the senators ?	yes
In case the managers saw the doctors , the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	yes
After the students mentioned the senator , the doctor ran .	Did the doctor run ?	yes
Since the president slept , the artist shouted .	Did the artist shout ?	yes
After the presidents waited , the lawyers thanked the actors .	Did the lawyers thank the actors ?	yes
Because the lawyers recognized the actor , the doctors contacted the senator .	Did the doctors contact the senator ?	yes
Though the judges danced , the artists saw the scientists .	Did the artists see the scientists ?	yes
Because the athlete waited , the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
Because the secretaries slept , the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	yes
Whether or not the tourists performed , the students ran .	Did the students run ?	yes
Since the athlete mentioned the tourists , the president recognized the actors .	Did the president recognize the actors ?	yes
Whether or not the scientist resigned , the lawyers introduced the athlete .	Did the lawyers introduce the athlete ?	yes
Whether or not the authors danced , the student supported the presidents .	Did the student support the presidents ?	yes
While the scientist saw the banker , the student admired the artists .	Did the student admire the artists ?	yes
Before the banker advised the artist , the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	yes
Since the author introduced the actors , the senators called the tourists .	Did the senators call the tourists ?	yes
In case the president slept , the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	yes
After the manager thanked the lawyer , the banker mentioned the scientists .	Did the banker mention the scientists ?	yes
In case the lawyer recognized the author , the managers stopped the secretary .	Did the managers stop the secretary ?	yes
Before the lawyer advised the authors , the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	yes
Although the authors thanked the managers , the athlete advised the doctors .	Did the athlete advise the doctors ?	yes
Because the presidents waited , the senator believed the lawyers .	Did the senator believe the lawyers ?	yes
Since the judges thanked the managers , the actor advised the president .	Did the actor advise the president ?	yes
Because the judge saw the bankers , the professor waited .	Did the professor wait ?	yes
Before the presidents thanked the tourists , the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	yes
In case the actor ran , the scientists arrived .	Did the scientists arrive ?	yes
In case the lawyers arrived , the actors ran .	Did the actors run ?	yes
Whether or not the bankers recommended the authors , the secretary contacted the judges .	Did the secretary contact the judges ?	yes
After the lawyer introduced the banker , the students arrived .	Did the students arrive ?	yes
In case the senator supported the students , the president thanked the lawyers .	Did the president thank the lawyers ?	yes
Whether or not the artists waited , the actors admired the doctors .	Did the actors admire the doctors ?	yes
While the president avoided the judges , the athlete arrived .	Did the athlete arrive ?	yes
Since the tourists thanked the secretaries , the lawyers encouraged the student .	Did the lawyers encourage the student ?	yes
Because the lawyer called the students , the banker admired the actor .	Did the banker admire the actor ?	yes
After the banker thanked the senators , the artist shouted .	Did the artist shout ?	yes
Because the manager helped the tourists , the judge mentioned the professors .	Did the judge mention the professors ?	yes
Before the scientist slept , the senator saw the tourist .	Did the senator see the tourist ?	yes
Although the doctor mentioned the student , the lawyer contacted the banker .	Did the lawyer contact the banker ?	yes
Before the secretaries called the senators , the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	yes
While the senators introduced the students , the athletes supported the secretary .	Did the athletes support the secretary ?	yes
After the tourists encouraged the senators , the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
Whether or not the student stopped the senators , the artist slept .	Did the artist sleep ?	yes
Whether or not the banker waited , the presidents introduced the senators .	Did the presidents introduce the senators ?	yes
Although the secretary helped the senators , the athlete stopped the lawyers .	Did the athlete stop the lawyers ?	yes
Whether or not the artist arrived , the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	yes
While the students avoided the senator , the banker resigned .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
Before the secretary supported the manager , the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	yes
Though the presidents recommended the athlete , the artist arrived .	Did the artist arrive ?	yes
While the artist contacted the presidents , the banker encouraged the professors .	Did the banker encourage the professors ?	yes
Although the students danced , the artist arrived .	Did the artist arrive ?	yes
Though the professor advised the lawyer , the student ran .	Did the student run ?	yes
In case the professor avoided the authors , the tourists advised the students .	Did the tourists advise the students ?	yes
After the managers performed , the artists ran .	Did the artists run ?	yes
Though the author shouted , the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	yes
Since the artist slept , the banker recommended the scientists .	Did the banker recommend the scientists ?	yes
In case the actor arrived , the doctors advised the secretaries .	Did the doctors advise the secretaries ?	yes
Because the secretary waited , the professor avoided the senators .	Did the professor avoid the senators ?	yes
Before the secretaries waited , the athlete thanked the judges .	Did the athlete thank the judges ?	yes
Though the managers thanked the tourists , the judges mentioned the president .	Did the judges mention the president ?	yes
After the secretaries resigned , the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	yes
In case the athletes believed the students , the actors arrived .	Did the actors arrive ?	yes
After the authors arrived , the actors encouraged the judges .	Did the actors encourage the judges ?	yes
Whether or not the athlete ran , the judge supported the scientist .	Did the judge support the scientist ?	yes
After the artist shouted , the author performed .	Did the author perform ?	yes
In case the actors shouted , the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	yes
Whether or not the tourists contacted the doctors , the banker believed the senator .	Did the banker believe the senator ?	yes
After the banker waited , the judges recognized the doctor .	Did the judges recognize the doctor ?	yes
Although the doctors performed , the lawyer ran .	Did the lawyer run ?	yes
After the presidents avoided the professor , the authors recognized the artist .	Did the authors recognize the artist ?	yes
In case the professor stopped the doctor , the tourists mentioned the bankers .	Did the tourists mention the bankers ?	yes
After the bankers encouraged the president , the senator called the actor .	Did the senator call the actor ?	yes
In case the athletes shouted , the presidents supported the doctors .	Did the presidents support the doctors ?	yes
Because the banker saw the professor , the senator contacted the managers .	Did the senator contact the managers ?	yes
Because the actors resigned , the bankers supported the doctor .	Did the bankers support the doctor ?	yes
While the lawyers avoided the president , the tourists shouted .	Did the tourists shout ?	yes
After the president performed , the artists mentioned the students .	Did the artists mention the students ?	yes
After the secretary admired the actor , the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	yes
After the artist avoided the lawyer , the scientists saw the managers .	Did the scientists see the managers ?	yes
Whether or not the scientist avoided the managers , the artist encouraged the author .	Did the artist encourage the author ?	yes
Before the doctors mentioned the bankers , the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	yes
Although the president admired the athletes , the scientist encouraged the student .	Did the scientist encourage the student ?	yes
Before the lawyer waited , the tourists stopped the professor .	Did the tourists stop the professor ?	yes
Although the tourists waited , the banker arrived .	Did the banker arrive ?	yes
Though the artists introduced the doctors , the professor contacted the banker .	Did the professor contact the banker ?	yes
In case the professors danced , the tourists supported the banker .	Did the tourists support the banker ?	yes
Before the student danced , the professors waited .	Did the professors wait ?	yes
Though the athlete stopped the tourists , the secretaries slept .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	yes
While the secretary supported the author , the lawyers stopped the actor .	Did the lawyers stop the actor ?	yes
Whether or not the banker mentioned the doctor , the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
Although the presidents stopped the author , the students ran .	Did the students run ?	yes
Although the athlete contacted the actor , the doctors slept .	Did the doctors sleep ?	yes
Because the authors helped the doctors , the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	yes
While the managers resigned , the artists shouted .	Did the artists shout ?	yes
Because the presidents ran , the athletes mentioned the tourists .	Did the athletes mention the tourists ?	yes
Whether or not the authors arrived , the doctors stopped the judges .	Did the doctors stop the judges ?	yes
While the students mentioned the artists , the manager called the professors .	Did the manager call the professors ?	yes
While the doctors ran , the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	yes
Since the professor danced , the judge saw the lawyer .	Did the judge see the lawyer ?	yes
Though the athlete mentioned the actor , the student contacted the scientist .	Did the student contact the scientist ?	yes
Before the doctor advised the student , the judges introduced the bankers .	Did the judges introduce the bankers ?	yes
Since the author avoided the judges , the artists stopped the doctor .	Did the artists stop the doctor ?	yes
Though the actor avoided the lawyer , the senator believed the athletes .	Did the senator believe the athletes ?	yes
In case the actors advised the president , the doctors believed the judges .	Did the doctors believe the judges ?	yes
Though the president advised the judges , the athlete stopped the tourist .	Did the athlete stop the tourist ?	yes
Whether or not the judge ran , the tourist introduced the lawyer .	Did the tourist introduce the lawyer ?	yes
After the judges recommended the tourists , the bankers encouraged the athletes .	Did the bankers encourage the athletes ?	yes
Although the manager advised the secretary , the president helped the senator .	Did the president help the senator ?	yes
In case the artist shouted , the senator advised the managers .	Did the senator advise the managers ?	yes
After the actors encouraged the doctor , the tourists mentioned the senator .	Did the tourists mention the senator ?	yes
In case the actors supported the bankers , the senators saw the tourist .	Did the senators see the tourist ?	yes
Whether or not the tourist supported the professor , the presidents encouraged the bankers .	Did the presidents encourage the bankers ?	yes
After the manager recognized the tourists , the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	yes
Since the athlete mentioned the manager , the tourists shouted .	Did the tourists shout ?	yes
While the banker encouraged the students , the tourists recognized the senator .	Did the tourists recognize the senator ?	yes
Since the senators admired the doctor , the manager saw the judges .	Did the manager see the judges ?	yes
Though the presidents slept , the students contacted the bankers .	Did the students contact the bankers ?	yes
In case the tourists danced , the president contacted the doctors .	Did the president contact the doctors ?	yes
Since the lawyer performed , the banker encouraged the senator .	Did the banker encourage the senator ?	yes
Though the managers helped the students , the banker recognized the scientist .	Did the banker recognize the scientist ?	yes
Because the managers performed , the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	yes
Though the secretaries contacted the student , the artist believed the professors .	Did the artist believe the professors ?	yes
After the professors stopped the presidents , the scientist performed .	Did the scientist perform ?	yes
Before the doctors recognized the secretaries , the manager contacted the artist .	Did the manager contact the artist ?	yes
Before the doctor introduced the artists , the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
Before the actor encouraged the scientist , the managers shouted .	Did the managers shout ?	yes
Though the authors resigned , the banker saw the scientist .	Did the banker see the scientist ?	yes
Before the judge shouted , the artists performed .	Did the artists perform ?	yes
In case the tourist contacted the authors , the artist introduced the athletes .	Did the artist introduce the athletes ?	yes
In case the managers slept , the doctor advised the professor .	Did the doctor advise the professor ?	yes
Whether or not the artist believed the student , the scientist recommended the authors .	Did the scientist recommend the authors ?	yes
While the artist encouraged the student , the athletes recognized the author .	Did the athletes recognize the author ?	yes
While the authors believed the artist , the presidents recommended the senators .	Did the presidents recommend the senators ?	yes
Though the athlete recommended the manager , the presidents admired the senators .	Did the presidents admire the senators ?	yes
After the artists mentioned the bankers , the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	yes
Although the managers advised the actor , the bankers supported the tourist .	Did the bankers support the tourist ?	yes
Before the senator contacted the actor , the secretaries called the judges .	Did the secretaries call the judges ?	yes
Though the lawyers saw the secretaries , the presidents resigned .	Did the presidents resign ?	yes
Though the actor performed , the judges recommended the presidents .	Did the judges recommend the presidents ?	yes
Although the student encouraged the presidents , the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	yes
Because the judge ran , the author helped the managers .	Did the author help the managers ?	yes
Although the authors slept , the senators encouraged the actors .	Did the senators encourage the actors ?	yes
Because the student saw the artist , the senator ran .	Did the senator run ?	yes
Before the banker arrived , the secretaries believed the artist .	Did the secretaries believe the artist ?	yes
While the bankers contacted the doctors , the senators recommended the tourist .	Did the senators recommend the tourist ?	yes
Whether or not the scientists encouraged the judge , the doctor believed the athlete .	Did the doctor believe the athlete ?	yes
Before the scientists saw the manager , the secretary recommended the authors .	Did the secretary recommend the authors ?	yes
After the actor avoided the author , the artists waited .	Did the artists wait ?	yes
In case the managers avoided the senators , the actors called the professors .	Did the actors call the professors ?	yes
Before the judges arrived , the manager thanked the athletes .	Did the manager thank the athletes ?	yes
After the judges saw the bankers , the manager called the senators .	Did the manager call the senators ?	yes
Before the artists shouted , the student slept .	Did the student sleep ?	yes
Though the authors supported the student , the lawyer encouraged the banker .	Did the lawyer encourage the banker ?	yes
Although the professors shouted , the scientist arrived .	Did the scientist arrive ?	yes
While the judge introduced the student , the actors helped the scientist .	Did the actors help the scientist ?	yes
Though the tourist recommended the managers , the judges admired the presidents .	Did the judges admire the presidents ?	yes
Since the actors waited , the students slept .	Did the students sleep ?	yes
Although the lawyer recommended the students , the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	yes
After the scientist ran , the president admired the authors .	Did the president admire the authors ?	yes
Since the doctor advised the scientists , the banker danced .	Did the banker dance ?	yes
Although the author recognized the tourist , the scientist supported the doctors .	Did the scientist support the doctors ?	yes
Because the scientist helped the senator , the athletes resigned .	Did the athletes resign ?	yes
After the bankers introduced the doctors , the professors danced .	Did the professors dance ?	yes
Before the president recommended the athlete , the tourist saw the manager .	Did the tourist see the manager ?	yes
Although the tourist recommended the student , the senators advised the doctors .	Did the senators advise the doctors ?	yes
Because the scientist admired the student , the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	yes
Because the manager encouraged the actors , the tourist shouted .	Did the tourist shout ?	yes
Although the actor arrived , the doctors believed the secretaries .	Did the doctors believe the secretaries ?	yes
Since the actors recommended the doctor , the scientists saw the senators .	Did the scientists see the senators ?	yes
While the authors recommended the tourist , the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	yes
Before the athlete performed , the doctor mentioned the presidents .	Did the doctor mention the presidents ?	yes
In case the actor resigned , the scientists slept .	Did the scientists sleep ?	yes
After the athlete waited , the doctor saw the tourists .	Did the doctor see the tourists ?	yes
Because the artist mentioned the professor , the scientists contacted the president .	Did the scientists contact the president ?	yes
Whether or not the artists waited , the authors performed .	Did the authors perform ?	yes
Before the artists believed the judge , the presidents contacted the actors .	Did the presidents contact the actors ?	yes
After the scientist recognized the manager , the doctors contacted the president .	Did the doctors contact the president ?	yes
After the judge performed , the athlete recommended the student .	Did the athlete recommend the student ?	yes
Because the secretary believed the student , the actor slept .	Did the actor sleep ?	yes
While the manager advised the secretary , the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
Since the presidents called the professor , the lawyer saw the actors .	Did the lawyer see the actors ?	yes
Since the secretaries shouted , the tourists called the senator .	Did the tourists call the senator ?	yes
Because the lawyer introduced the bankers , the student avoided the professors .	Did the student avoid the professors ?	yes
After the bankers resigned , the tourist danced .	Did the tourist dance ?	yes
Before the tourists mentioned the senators , the athletes danced .	Did the athletes dance ?	yes
Since the tourists waited , the author encouraged the professor .	Did the author encourage the professor ?	yes
Although the professor resigned , the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	yes
Though the students performed , the judge helped the tourist .	Did the judge help the tourist ?	yes
Before the scientists arrived , the judges recommended the tourist .	Did the judges recommend the tourist ?	yes
Since the judge mentioned the athletes , the lawyers resigned .	Did the lawyers resign ?	yes
While the judge contacted the secretary , the professors shouted .	Did the professors shout ?	yes
Whether or not the secretaries arrived , the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	yes
Though the actors saw the judge , the president mentioned the lawyers .	Did the president mention the lawyers ?	yes
Whether or not the presidents waited , the banker stopped the senator .	Did the banker stop the senator ?	yes
Although the judges stopped the bankers , the secretary saw the doctors .	Did the secretary see the doctors ?	yes
Because the president recognized the lawyer , the doctor called the bankers .	Did the doctor call the bankers ?	yes
Before the student supported the secretary , the authors slept .	Did the authors sleep ?	yes
Before the presidents avoided the bankers , the artist introduced the lawyer .	Did the artist introduce the lawyer ?	yes
Although the student danced , the professors resigned .	Did the professors resign ?	yes
Whether or not the secretary performed , the scientists resigned .	Did the scientists resign ?	yes
Because the actors mentioned the scientist , the doctor recommended the senator .	Did the doctor recommend the senator ?	yes
Whether or not the secretaries admired the athletes , the managers shouted .	Did the managers shout ?	yes
Although the student performed , the presidents avoided the actor .	Did the presidents avoid the actor ?	yes
While the manager recognized the scientists , the lawyers resigned .	Did the lawyers resign ?	yes
Whether or not the scientists admired the professors , the judge contacted the students .	Did the judge contact the students ?	yes
Before the managers shouted , the athletes avoided the secretaries .	Did the athletes avoid the secretaries ?	yes
Before the professors called the doctor , the athletes contacted the actor .	Did the athletes contact the actor ?	yes
Whether or not the student stopped the presidents , the doctor contacted the professors .	Did the doctor contact the professors ?	yes
Since the president supported the judge , the actors called the managers .	Did the actors call the managers ?	yes
Before the scientist introduced the student , the professor believed the managers .	Did the professor believe the managers ?	yes
After the author stopped the managers , the athletes advised the doctor .	Did the athletes advise the doctor ?	yes
Although the authors believed the tourists , the students encouraged the judge .	Did the students encourage the judge ?	yes
While the scientist believed the lawyers , the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	yes
In case the scientist contacted the managers , the tourist avoided the authors .	Did the tourist avoid the authors ?	yes
Before the doctor shouted , the tourist advised the artists .	Did the tourist advise the artists ?	yes
Whether or not the secretary recommended the athlete , the manager stopped the author .	Did the manager stop the author ?	yes
Before the senators called the presidents , the students ran .	Did the students run ?	yes
Because the artist shouted , the judges recommended the secretaries .	Did the judges recommend the secretaries ?	yes
After the judge resigned , the doctor ran .	Did the doctor run ?	yes
While the artists called the judge , the manager ran .	Did the manager run ?	yes
Although the actors recognized the author , the professors helped the student .	Did the professors help the student ?	yes
Since the artists advised the athletes , the student admired the author .	Did the student admire the author ?	yes
Before the banker encouraged the lawyers , the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	yes
Though the athletes saw the actor , the secretary ran .	Did the secretary run ?	yes
Though the judge ran , the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	yes
After the judges avoided the lawyers , the secretaries admired the author .	Did the secretaries admire the author ?	yes
While the authors encouraged the senators , the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
In case the president introduced the bankers , the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	yes
Because the secretaries recognized the bankers , the lawyers encouraged the professors .	Did the lawyers encourage the professors ?	yes
While the scientists slept , the doctors supported the managers .	Did the doctors support the managers ?	yes
After the doctors slept , the senator believed the professors .	Did the senator believe the professors ?	yes
In case the secretaries mentioned the lawyer , the actors resigned .	Did the actors resign ?	yes
Since the secretaries shouted , the scientists supported the senator .	Did the scientists support the senator ?	yes
Because the athletes waited , the tourists advised the presidents .	Did the tourists advise the presidents ?	yes
Although the president believed the athlete , the senator admired the artists .	Did the senator admire the artists ?	yes
Before the tourist arrived , the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	yes
Because the judges believed the tourists , the actors stopped the manager .	Did the actors stop the manager ?	yes
After the secretary believed the athletes , the actors mentioned the senator .	Did the actors mention the senator ?	yes
Whether or not the president performed , the actor resigned .	Did the actor resign ?	yes
Whether or not the lawyer slept , the students saw the senators .	Did the students see the senators ?	yes
Although the actors performed , the lawyers slept .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	yes
Before the doctor helped the author , the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	yes
Whether or not the managers admired the athletes , the authors thanked the doctors .	Did the authors thank the doctors ?	yes
Whether or not the professor supported the tourists , the secretaries recognized the doctor .	Did the secretaries recognize the doctor ?	yes
Though the doctor helped the scientist , the athlete called the professors .	Did the athlete call the professors ?	yes
In case the doctor danced , the actor helped the students .	Did the actor help the students ?	yes
Whether or not the students saw the managers , the secretary introduced the doctor .	Did the secretary introduce the doctor ?	yes
In case the president resigned , the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	yes
After the lawyer recommended the secretaries , the professors encouraged the athletes .	Did the professors encourage the athletes ?	yes
Before the actor thanked the artists , the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	yes
While the student performed , the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	yes
Since the managers shouted , the doctors encouraged the tourist .	Did the doctors encourage the tourist ?	yes
Because the scientists called the actor , the bankers admired the professor .	Did the bankers admire the professor ?	yes
Although the judge recognized the scientist , the banker resigned .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
Though the authors ran , the doctors contacted the tourists .	Did the doctors contact the tourists ?	yes
In case the tourists recommended the lawyer , the scientist believed the presidents .	Did the scientist believe the presidents ?	yes
Although the author performed , the president shouted .	Did the president shout ?	yes
While the athletes helped the judges , the doctor stopped the bankers .	Did the doctor stop the bankers ?	yes
Whether or not the doctor admired the bankers , the actor shouted .	Did the actor shout ?	yes
In case the bankers mentioned the authors , the lawyers supported the president .	Did the lawyers support the president ?	yes
In case the lawyers slept , the authors called the professors .	Did the authors call the professors ?	yes
Although the president resigned , the managers helped the scientists .	Did the managers help the scientists ?	yes
In case the authors supported the tourists , the student encouraged the secretary .	Did the student encourage the secretary ?	yes
After the secretaries helped the professor , the athletes introduced the judges .	Did the athletes introduce the judges ?	yes
While the athlete slept , the students recognized the author .	Did the students recognize the author ?	yes
Before the presidents ran , the author supported the judge .	Did the author support the judge ?	yes
After the secretary introduced the author , the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	yes
Though the actor shouted , the lawyer encouraged the artists .	Did the lawyer encourage the artists ?	yes
Though the lawyer advised the secretaries , the authors resigned .	Did the authors resign ?	yes
Although the tourists helped the author , the athlete arrived .	Did the athlete arrive ?	yes
Although the author supported the scientists , the actors thanked the athletes .	Did the actors thank the athletes ?	yes
Before the professor advised the bankers , the artists performed .	Did the artists perform ?	yes
Before the doctors thanked the secretaries , the artist stopped the professor .	Did the artist stop the professor ?	yes
Although the scientist saw the senators , the author helped the athletes .	Did the author help the athletes ?	yes
While the student believed the secretary , the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	yes
While the actors mentioned the lawyer , the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	yes
After the senators recommended the banker , the lawyers arrived .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
While the actors performed , the bankers contacted the scientists .	Did the bankers contact the scientists ?	yes
Though the managers advised the lawyer , the president danced .	Did the president dance ?	yes
Though the doctors mentioned the author , the artists stopped the manager .	Did the artists stop the manager ?	yes
Because the bankers stopped the artist , the athletes recommended the secretary .	Did the athletes recommend the secretary ?	yes
In case the professor slept , the artist mentioned the banker .	Did the artist mention the banker ?	yes
Whether or not the banker believed the presidents , the professors resigned .	Did the professors resign ?	yes
Although the student avoided the banker , the tourist believed the judge .	Did the tourist believe the judge ?	yes
Because the authors waited , the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	yes
Though the actors helped the lawyers , the judge introduced the banker .	Did the judge introduce the banker ?	yes
In case the authors ran , the artist saw the bankers .	Did the artist see the bankers ?	yes
Though the managers encouraged the lawyer , the author recommended the senators .	Did the author recommend the senators ?	yes
Because the actor danced , the president encouraged the managers .	Did the president encourage the managers ?	yes
In case the artists slept , the students mentioned the senator .	Did the students mention the senator ?	yes
Since the president slept , the actors admired the lawyer .	Did the actors admire the lawyer ?	yes
After the president helped the artists , the tourist admired the athlete .	Did the tourist admire the athlete ?	yes
Because the judge supported the tourist , the actors recognized the managers .	Did the actors recognize the managers ?	yes
While the scientists recognized the doctor , the banker supported the athletes .	Did the banker support the athletes ?	yes
After the senator contacted the student , the artists introduced the actor .	Did the artists introduce the actor ?	yes
Although the artist resigned , the lawyer danced .	Did the lawyer dance ?	yes
While the authors introduced the athlete , the artist waited .	Did the artist wait ?	yes
Before the artist shouted , the senators saw the student .	Did the senators see the student ?	yes
Although the scientist slept , the professors thanked the athletes .	Did the professors thank the athletes ?	yes
Though the students advised the scientist , the artists arrived .	Did the artists arrive ?	yes
After the judges stopped the presidents , the students admired the secretaries .	Did the students admire the secretaries ?	yes
Although the authors called the lawyers , the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	yes
Since the authors ran , the students recommended the senators .	Did the students recommend the senators ?	yes
After the presidents shouted , the manager helped the lawyer .	Did the manager help the lawyer ?	yes
In case the president shouted , the student called the athletes .	Did the student call the athletes ?	yes
After the professors called the tourist , the secretaries supported the bankers .	Did the secretaries support the bankers ?	yes
Whether or not the doctor encouraged the author , the artists shouted .	Did the artists shout ?	yes
Although the managers shouted , the students saw the professors .	Did the students see the professors ?	yes
Because the senators waited , the professor recommended the athlete .	Did the professor recommend the athlete ?	yes
In case the professor recognized the managers , the judge mentioned the senator .	Did the judge mention the senator ?	yes
Since the manager advised the student , the president helped the lawyer .	Did the president help the lawyer ?	yes
Since the author performed , the scientist waited .	Did the scientist wait ?	yes
Because the secretaries shouted , the manager advised the actor .	Did the manager advise the actor ?	yes
While the president mentioned the tourist , the authors encouraged the secretary .	Did the authors encourage the secretary ?	yes
In case the actors advised the secretary , the student slept .	Did the student sleep ?	yes
Though the managers stopped the tourist , the senators performed .	Did the senators perform ?	yes
After the lawyer slept , the managers advised the tourist .	Did the managers advise the tourist ?	yes
After the tourists recognized the senators , the secretary arrived .	Did the secretary arrive ?	yes
In case the senators shouted , the secretaries called the artists .	Did the secretaries call the artists ?	yes
Since the senators saw the actor , the professors arrived .	Did the professors arrive ?	yes
While the scientists recognized the secretary , the manager helped the doctors .	Did the manager help the doctors ?	yes
Because the scientists recommended the president , the senators saw the lawyers .	Did the senators see the lawyers ?	yes
Although the senators recognized the bankers , the lawyers mentioned the judges .	Did the lawyers mention the judges ?	yes
In case the lawyers slept , the judge danced .	Did the judge dance ?	yes
After the students contacted the judges , the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	yes
Whether or not the managers contacted the artist , the tourist arrived .	Did the tourist arrive ?	yes
Though the student introduced the doctors , the actors supported the managers .	Did the actors support the managers ?	yes
In case the managers believed the author , the judge danced .	Did the judge dance ?	yes
Though the doctor waited , the professor arrived .	Did the professor arrive ?	yes
In case the artists avoided the author , the secretaries stopped the president .	Did the secretaries stop the president ?	yes
Since the artists supported the managers , the athletes performed .	Did the athletes perform ?	yes
In case the authors called the professor , the doctors advised the students .	Did the doctors advise the students ?	yes
Although the bankers thanked the lawyer , the artist introduced the actors .	Did the artist introduce the actors ?	yes
After the scientist ran , the lawyer helped the senator .	Did the lawyer help the senator ?	yes
In case the secretary danced , the scientists slept .	Did the scientists sleep ?	yes
Though the student thanked the doctor , the tourists avoided the athletes .	Did the tourists avoid the athletes ?	yes
While the authors performed , the manager avoided the lawyer .	Did the manager avoid the lawyer ?	yes
Although the bankers recognized the actor , the students performed .	Did the students perform ?	yes
Since the artist thanked the athlete , the tourist ran .	Did the tourist run ?	yes
Since the scientists avoided the president , the banker saw the senator .	Did the banker see the senator ?	yes
Since the senators advised the scientist , the author encouraged the artist .	Did the author encourage the artist ?	yes
Because the athlete ran , the professors introduced the presidents .	Did the professors introduce the presidents ?	yes
Since the athlete called the senators , the lawyers recognized the president .	Did the lawyers recognize the president ?	yes
Though the doctors thanked the lawyers , the president resigned .	Did the president resign ?	yes
Before the student saw the scientist , the lawyer waited .	Did the lawyer wait ?	yes
Since the athletes arrived , the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	yes
After the scientist encouraged the professors , the doctor called the bankers .	Did the doctor call the bankers ?	yes
After the manager thanked the scientists , the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	yes
Before the senators thanked the scientist , the lawyer mentioned the artist .	Did the lawyer mention the artist ?	yes
After the secretary arrived , the tourists thanked the judges .	Did the tourists thank the judges ?	yes
Though the president slept , the banker introduced the doctor .	Did the banker introduce the doctor ?	yes
Because the secretaries danced , the presidents advised the bankers .	Did the presidents advise the bankers ?	yes
Although the athlete performed , the actor shouted .	Did the actor shout ?	yes
While the athlete helped the secretaries , the doctor called the professor .	Did the doctor call the professor ?	yes
Before the scientist stopped the doctors , the president recognized the authors .	Did the president recognize the authors ?	yes
After the secretaries arrived , the professors danced .	Did the professors dance ?	yes
After the students arrived , the authors contacted the banker .	Did the authors contact the banker ?	yes
Although the scientist admired the artists , the athlete recognized the secretary .	Did the athlete recognize the secretary ?	yes
Since the judge recognized the authors , the doctors performed .	Did the doctors perform ?	yes
After the banker recognized the athletes , the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	yes
After the professors saw the tourists , the doctors performed .	Did the doctors perform ?	yes
Since the scientists believed the student , the judge performed .	Did the judge perform ?	yes
In case the lawyers danced , the athletes saw the senators .	Did the athletes see the senators ?	yes
Although the artist encouraged the presidents , the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	yes
Since the presidents called the tourists , the students supported the manager .	Did the students support the manager ?	yes
In case the judges thanked the authors , the artists advised the presidents .	Did the artists advise the presidents ?	yes
Although the banker called the actors , the secretaries recommended the artist .	Did the secretaries recommend the artist ?	yes
After the professor recommended the scientist , the banker encouraged the doctors .	Did the banker encourage the doctors ?	yes
Though the presidents admired the athletes , the scientists recognized the manager .	Did the scientists recognize the manager ?	yes
In case the artists admired the doctors , the athletes mentioned the secretaries .	Did the athletes mention the secretaries ?	yes
Because the secretary avoided the lawyers , the students supported the professor .	Did the students support the professor ?	yes
Although the bankers resigned , the senators slept .	Did the senators sleep ?	yes
Whether or not the senators stopped the banker , the doctor introduced the lawyers .	Did the doctor introduce the lawyers ?	yes
Because the tourist believed the senators , the authors resigned .	Did the authors resign ?	yes
Because the bankers avoided the students , the professor slept .	Did the professor sleep ?	yes
Though the author stopped the lawyers , the secretary recognized the scientists .	Did the secretary recognize the scientists ?	yes
Although the tourist resigned , the president called the bankers .	Did the president call the bankers ?	yes
While the tourists encouraged the authors , the president shouted .	Did the president shout ?	yes
Whether or not the athletes called the bankers , the president danced .	Did the president dance ?	yes
Because the lawyers waited , the doctors contacted the student .	Did the doctors contact the student ?	yes
Since the manager introduced the president , the doctors slept .	Did the doctors sleep ?	yes
In case the scientist recognized the authors , the secretaries thanked the senator .	Did the secretaries thank the senator ?	yes
After the bankers encouraged the manager , the lawyers believed the actors .	Did the lawyers believe the actors ?	yes
Though the artists mentioned the secretary , the athlete ran .	Did the athlete run ?	yes
Although the athlete recommended the doctors , the authors contacted the manager .	Did the authors contact the manager ?	yes
Because the scientists supported the athletes , the bankers encouraged the doctor .	Did the bankers encourage the doctor ?	yes
Since the artists mentioned the doctor , the students avoided the lawyer .	Did the students avoid the lawyer ?	yes
Though the actor mentioned the secretaries , the students called the tourists .	Did the students call the tourists ?	yes
Though the senator resigned , the managers helped the author .	Did the managers help the author ?	yes
Since the athletes called the scientists , the bankers contacted the secretary .	Did the bankers contact the secretary ?	yes
Since the manager avoided the scientist , the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	yes
Though the presidents ran , the banker avoided the athletes .	Did the banker avoid the athletes ?	yes
Whether or not the athletes danced , the scientist supported the senators .	Did the scientist support the senators ?	yes
Since the manager avoided the athletes , the judge slept .	Did the judge sleep ?	yes
Whether or not the managers thanked the author , the professors believed the judges .	Did the professors believe the judges ?	yes
Before the secretaries helped the tourists , the student admired the judge .	Did the student admire the judge ?	yes
After the secretary ran , the athlete mentioned the artist .	Did the athlete mention the artist ?	yes
Because the president thanked the author , the doctors supported the scientists .	Did the doctors support the scientists ?	yes
Whether or not the lawyer helped the secretaries , the bankers stopped the manager .	Did the bankers stop the manager ?	yes
After the scientist called the senators , the tourists encouraged the students .	Did the tourists encourage the students ?	yes
Because the judges called the doctors , the senators saw the actors .	Did the senators see the actors ?	yes
Because the senator called the athlete , the scientist resigned .	Did the scientist resign ?	yes
Whether or not the actors contacted the authors , the scientist thanked the tourists .	Did the scientist thank the tourists ?	yes
After the professors resigned , the presidents ran .	Did the presidents run ?	yes
Since the judges advised the actor , the senator called the author .	Did the senator call the author ?	yes
While the student shouted , the actors encouraged the judges .	Did the actors encourage the judges ?	yes
Though the senator ran , the presidents avoided the secretary .	Did the presidents avoid the secretary ?	yes
Whether or not the managers waited , the professor resigned .	Did the professor resign ?	yes
In case the doctors avoided the scientist , the professor slept .	Did the professor sleep ?	yes
While the artists avoided the secretaries , the doctors ran .	Did the doctors run ?	yes
Because the president recommended the author , the students saw the secretary .	Did the students see the secretary ?	yes
After the athletes shouted , the presidents thanked the judges .	Did the presidents thank the judges ?	yes
After the lawyer slept , the scientists contacted the student .	Did the scientists contact the student ?	yes
While the professor danced , the managers believed the actor .	Did the managers believe the actor ?	yes
Because the artist recognized the senators , the doctors arrived .	Did the doctors arrive ?	yes
Since the doctors stopped the secretary , the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	yes
In case the scientists performed , the athlete advised the senator .	Did the athlete advise the senator ?	yes
Before the authors avoided the artists , the actors recommended the secretaries .	Did the actors recommend the secretaries ?	yes
After the student called the secretary , the author resigned .	Did the author resign ?	yes
Although the student danced , the actor ran .	Did the actor run ?	yes
Although the athletes introduced the managers , the student contacted the secretaries .	Did the student contact the secretaries ?	yes
Since the athlete thanked the judges , the professor recognized the scientist .	Did the professor recognize the scientist ?	yes
Before the judges performed , the artists introduced the president .	Did the artists introduce the president ?	yes
Whether or not the judge ran , the scientist called the bankers .	Did the scientist call the bankers ?	yes
Because the senator danced , the student encouraged the tourist .	Did the student encourage the tourist ?	yes
Because the athletes performed , the artist shouted .	Did the artist shout ?	yes
Whether or not the actor introduced the tourist , the authors danced .	Did the authors dance ?	yes
Because the senator believed the professors , the president encouraged the artists .	Did the president encourage the artists ?	yes
Although the students supported the lawyers , the secretaries contacted the actor .	Did the secretaries contact the actor ?	yes
Though the professor avoided the artist , the athlete admired the lawyers .	Did the athlete admire the lawyers ?	yes
Though the scientists recommended the athletes , the tourists saw the secretaries .	Did the tourists see the secretaries ?	yes
After the tourists recognized the doctors , the author mentioned the lawyers .	Did the author mention the lawyers ?	yes
After the actors slept , the senators avoided the lawyer .	Did the senators avoid the lawyer ?	yes
In case the athlete contacted the actor , the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	yes
After the authors contacted the senators , the doctor slept .	Did the doctor sleep ?	yes
Since the managers waited , the scientist resigned .	Did the scientist resign ?	yes
Before the actors performed , the doctors helped the lawyers .	Did the doctors help the lawyers ?	yes
Before the athletes contacted the secretaries , the bankers called the professor .	Did the bankers call the professor ?	yes
Before the author shouted , the doctor contacted the banker .	Did the doctor contact the banker ?	yes
While the doctor thanked the managers , the judge avoided the banker .	Did the judge avoid the banker ?	yes
Whether or not the manager encouraged the lawyers , the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
Although the athletes advised the senators , the artists stopped the authors .	Did the artists stop the authors ?	yes
In case the tourists supported the actor , the professors avoided the bankers .	Did the professors avoid the bankers ?	yes
Before the scientist helped the senators , the president avoided the student .	Did the president avoid the student ?	yes
Whether or not the authors recommended the professor , the banker arrived .	Did the banker arrive ?	yes
Although the judge recommended the artist , the scientists helped the lawyer .	Did the scientists help the lawyer ?	yes
Since the actors admired the students , the doctors stopped the artist .	Did the doctors stop the artist ?	yes
Before the doctor arrived , the actor recommended the professor .	Did the actor recommend the professor ?	yes
Although the doctor stopped the manager , the actor mentioned the judges .	Did the actor mention the judges ?	yes
Though the actor recommended the lawyers , the president danced .	Did the president dance ?	yes
Although the students performed , the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	yes
In case the lawyers waited , the senator called the students .	Did the senator call the students ?	yes
In case the president recognized the banker , the students avoided the scientist .	Did the students avoid the scientist ?	yes
Although the student resigned , the athletes helped the secretary .	Did the athletes help the secretary ?	yes
After the lawyers mentioned the authors , the judges recognized the student .	Did the judges recognize the student ?	yes
While the professor encouraged the student , the scientist waited .	Did the scientist wait ?	yes
Because the student performed , the senators believed the bankers .	Did the senators believe the bankers ?	yes
Before the banker resigned , the professors recognized the judges .	Did the professors recognize the judges ?	yes
Because the actors admired the doctors , the lawyers waited .	Did the lawyers wait ?	yes
Whether or not the artist resigned , the athletes recommended the students .	Did the athletes recommend the students ?	yes
Since the doctors danced , the tourists supported the managers .	Did the tourists support the managers ?	yes
Although the senators ran , the managers called the professor .	Did the managers call the professor ?	yes
Though the actor helped the bankers , the president stopped the secretaries .	Did the president stop the secretaries ?	yes
Because the secretary waited , the actors called the judges .	Did the actors call the judges ?	yes
Although the doctors ran , the judges thanked the professors .	Did the judges thank the professors ?	yes
Before the bankers avoided the senators , the manager performed .	Did the manager perform ?	yes
In case the doctor believed the judge , the athlete avoided the manager .	Did the athlete avoid the manager ?	yes
After the professors believed the tourists , the president performed .	Did the president perform ?	yes
Because the actors helped the scientist , the author ran .	Did the author run ?	yes
While the tourists introduced the artists , the athletes believed the senator .	Did the athletes believe the senator ?	yes
Whether or not the professor recommended the authors , the tourists contacted the artists .	Did the tourists contact the artists ?	yes
Although the tourist danced , the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	yes
Though the scientist mentioned the actors , the artist waited .	Did the artist wait ?	yes
While the athletes mentioned the tourist , the lawyer danced .	Did the lawyer dance ?	yes
After the secretary encouraged the senator , the authors recognized the scientist .	Did the authors recognize the scientist ?	yes
Before the doctor recommended the actor , the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	yes
Because the judges recommended the doctor , the managers danced .	Did the managers dance ?	yes
While the senator thanked the manager , the professor helped the president .	Did the professor help the president ?	yes
Although the authors recognized the athletes , the tourist slept .	Did the tourist sleep ?	yes
Although the professors recognized the athlete , the president called the secretary .	Did the president call the secretary ?	yes
Whether or not the lawyer mentioned the presidents , the doctor resigned .	Did the doctor resign ?	yes
While the secretaries mentioned the artists , the lawyer called the students .	Did the lawyer call the students ?	yes
Whether or not the senators arrived , the bankers introduced the professors .	Did the bankers introduce the professors ?	yes
Because the scientists thanked the athletes , the judge admired the professor .	Did the judge admire the professor ?	yes
Before the lawyers introduced the banker , the artist contacted the judge .	Did the artist contact the judge ?	yes
After the professors advised the scientists , the athlete supported the senator .	Did the athlete support the senator ?	yes
Because the secretary ran , the tourist advised the doctors .	Did the tourist advise the doctors ?	yes
In case the student mentioned the senators , the actors encouraged the tourist .	Did the actors encourage the tourist ?	yes
Though the judge arrived , the author helped the lawyer .	Did the author help the lawyer ?	yes
Before the judges encouraged the author , the actors supported the senators .	Did the actors support the senators ?	yes
Before the artists admired the author , the athletes encouraged the presidents .	Did the athletes encourage the presidents ?	yes
After the managers stopped the athlete , the professor slept .	Did the professor sleep ?	yes
In case the doctors recognized the banker , the author avoided the artist .	Did the author avoid the artist ?	yes
While the author arrived , the artist encouraged the actor .	Did the artist encourage the actor ?	yes
Although the artist performed , the secretary waited .	Did the secretary wait ?	yes
Since the actor ran , the professor danced .	Did the professor dance ?	yes
Whether or not the athlete helped the doctors , the lawyers avoided the professors .	Did the lawyers avoid the professors ?	yes
Although the professor danced , the tourists encouraged the authors .	Did the tourists encourage the authors ?	yes
Though the artists mentioned the banker , the presidents avoided the scientist .	Did the presidents avoid the scientist ?	yes
While the author stopped the actors , the scientists arrived .	Did the scientists arrive ?	yes
Though the senators resigned , the banker mentioned the secretaries .	Did the banker mention the secretaries ?	yes
Before the tourists recognized the student , the scientist stopped the presidents .	Did the scientist stop the presidents ?	yes
Since the senator helped the banker , the scientist introduced the secretaries .	Did the scientist introduce the secretaries ?	yes
After the banker mentioned the athlete , the secretary helped the senators .	Did the secretary help the senators ?	yes
Before the athletes resigned , the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	yes
Although the student waited , the tourist slept .	Did the tourist sleep ?	yes
Though the professors avoided the students , the judge saw the tourist .	Did the judge see the tourist ?	yes
After the author performed , the doctor thanked the athlete .	Did the doctor thank the athlete ?	yes
Whether or not the tourist resigned , the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	yes
Because the actor mentioned the scientists , the lawyer contacted the bankers .	Did the lawyer contact the bankers ?	yes
Whether or not the doctor waited , the banker thanked the senators .	Did the banker thank the senators ?	yes
Although the artists slept , the lawyer mentioned the senators .	Did the lawyer mention the senators ?	yes
Because the tourists danced , the secretaries performed .	Did the secretaries perform ?	yes
After the secretaries waited , the author arrived .	Did the author arrive ?	yes
While the secretaries performed , the scientists stopped the tourists .	Did the scientists stop the tourists ?	yes
Because the presidents avoided the tourists , the author danced .	Did the author dance ?	yes
Because the author ran , the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	yes
Since the tourist ran , the managers admired the artists .	Did the managers admire the artists ?	yes
Before the professor danced , the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	yes
Though the student mentioned the athletes , the tourists supported the scientist .	Did the tourists support the scientist ?	yes
In case the tourists ran , the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	yes
Although the author shouted , the managers introduced the students .	Did the managers introduce the students ?	yes
After the banker shouted , the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
Though the athlete called the students , the authors recommended the judge .	Did the authors recommend the judge ?	yes
Since the senators arrived , the students contacted the presidents .	Did the students contact the presidents ?	yes
Before the scientist slept , the president saw the secretaries .	Did the president see the secretaries ?	yes
While the athlete recommended the artists , the judges stopped the secretaries .	Did the judges stop the secretaries ?	yes
Because the athletes recognized the judge , the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	yes
Whether or not the students performed , the secretary mentioned the scientists .	Did the secretary mention the scientists ?	yes
Since the students stopped the authors , the professors encouraged the senator .	Did the professors encourage the senator ?	yes
After the president encouraged the scientist , the judge introduced the tourist .	Did the judge introduce the tourist ?	yes
Because the managers shouted , the actor contacted the doctor .	Did the actor contact the doctor ?	yes
While the students waited , the lawyer thanked the artists .	Did the lawyer thank the artists ?	yes
While the students contacted the athlete , the senator ran .	Did the senator run ?	yes
Although the scientist admired the managers , the lawyer helped the presidents .	Did the lawyer help the presidents ?	yes
After the doctors performed , the banker recognized the judges .	Did the banker recognize the judges ?	yes
Before the manager saw the presidents , the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	yes
In case the bankers mentioned the professors , the actor recognized the secretary .	Did the actor recognize the secretary ?	yes
Since the athlete shouted , the student arrived .	Did the student arrive ?	yes
Since the author performed , the doctor helped the secretaries .	Did the doctor help the secretaries ?	yes
Before the manager stopped the athletes , the tourist contacted the senators .	Did the tourist contact the senators ?	yes
While the manager stopped the athletes , the senators danced .	Did the senators dance ?	yes
Whether or not the actors shouted , the author thanked the secretaries .	Did the author thank the secretaries ?	yes
Since the scientist slept , the actors called the doctor .	Did the actors call the doctor ?	yes
Though the scientists helped the athlete , the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	yes
While the lawyers believed the secretaries , the doctor waited .	Did the doctor wait ?	yes
In case the tourist avoided the students , the manager contacted the lawyers .	Did the manager contact the lawyers ?	yes
Because the doctors performed , the student ran .	Did the student run ?	yes
Whether or not the scientists stopped the artists , the senator saw the judges .	Did the senator see the judges ?	yes
Whether or not the artists believed the tourist , the student waited .	Did the student wait ?	yes
Before the artist arrived , the scientists recommended the tourists .	Did the scientists recommend the tourists ?	yes
While the judge believed the senators , the doctor recognized the scientists .	Did the doctor recognize the scientists ?	yes
Since the actors shouted , the athlete saw the lawyer .	Did the athlete see the lawyer ?	yes
Since the managers admired the doctors , the scientist mentioned the actor .	Did the scientist mention the actor ?	yes
While the lawyer arrived , the judges mentioned the senator .	Did the judges mention the senator ?	yes
Although the tourists performed , the president recognized the judge .	Did the president recognize the judge ?	yes
While the actors called the tourist , the professors arrived .	Did the professors arrive ?	yes
Before the managers arrived , the scientist introduced the artists .	Did the scientist introduce the artists ?	yes
Because the judges resigned , the secretaries helped the president .	Did the secretaries help the president ?	yes
In case the bankers stopped the presidents , the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	yes
Before the athlete contacted the presidents , the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	yes
Before the artist thanked the professors , the actor slept .	Did the actor sleep ?	yes
After the banker supported the secretaries , the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	yes
Because the scientists shouted , the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	yes
In case the tourist admired the professors , the actor shouted .	Did the actor shout ?	yes
While the author performed , the senators called the artists .	Did the senators call the artists ?	yes
Because the managers mentioned the lawyers , the actors admired the professor .	Did the actors admire the professor ?	yes
Because the students introduced the scientists , the actor encouraged the banker .	Did the actor encourage the banker ?	yes
Because the scientist encouraged the author , the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	yes
Although the scientist admired the author , the athletes encouraged the presidents .	Did the athletes encourage the presidents ?	yes
Though the banker encouraged the managers , the senators admired the presidents .	Did the senators admire the presidents ?	yes
After the tourist waited , the banker saw the author .	Did the banker see the author ?	yes
Although the lawyers saw the actors , the student resigned .	Did the student resign ?	yes
Although the scientist stopped the doctors , the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	yes
While the judges recognized the scientists , the doctors avoided the athlete .	Did the doctors avoid the athlete ?	yes
Although the students advised the scientist , the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	yes
In case the judges supported the actor , the athlete arrived .	Did the athlete arrive ?	yes
After the doctors recognized the athletes , the artists shouted .	Did the artists shout ?	yes
Since the actor mentioned the president , the athletes believed the students .	Did the athletes believe the students ?	yes
Though the lawyers supported the tourist , the professor mentioned the manager .	Did the professor mention the manager ?	yes
Since the artists admired the student , the secretary thanked the tourists .	Did the secretary thank the tourists ?	yes
In case the professor called the senators , the artists recommended the bankers .	Did the artists recommend the bankers ?	yes
Whether or not the manager arrived , the bankers called the authors .	Did the bankers call the authors ?	yes
Since the secretary mentioned the lawyer , the presidents thanked the authors .	Did the presidents thank the authors ?	yes
After the artist waited , the secretaries encouraged the banker .	Did the secretaries encourage the banker ?	yes
While the lawyers arrived , the senators resigned .	Did the senators resign ?	yes
Whether or not the presidents ran , the managers thanked the secretary .	Did the managers thank the secretary ?	yes
After the professor arrived , the lawyers advised the tourists .	Did the lawyers advise the tourists ?	yes
Since the authors ran , the president encouraged the secretaries .	Did the president encourage the secretaries ?	yes
In case the athletes helped the author , the scientists admired the banker .	Did the scientists admire the banker ?	yes
While the tourists called the secretary , the professors admired the lawyers .	Did the professors admire the lawyers ?	yes
Since the president stopped the managers , the bankers introduced the doctors .	Did the bankers introduce the doctors ?	yes
After the tourists supported the professors , the presidents stopped the judge .	Did the presidents stop the judge ?	yes
Though the bankers saw the author , the actors contacted the students .	Did the actors contact the students ?	yes
In case the senators resigned , the doctor supported the tourists .	Did the doctor support the tourists ?	yes
Whether or not the student admired the doctor , the scientists supported the athlete .	Did the scientists support the athlete ?	yes
After the artists advised the athlete , the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	yes
In case the senators admired the professors , the artists recommended the scientist .	Did the artists recommend the scientist ?	yes
Whether or not the manager thanked the author , the senators saw the scientist .	Did the senators see the scientist ?	yes
After the scientists resigned , the professors waited .	Did the professors wait ?	yes
Since the artists recommended the banker , the judges arrived .	Did the judges arrive ?	yes
Although the secretaries supported the tourists , the actors arrived .	Did the actors arrive ?	yes
Before the doctors saw the secretary , the banker ran .	Did the banker run ?	yes
Since the banker believed the judges , the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	yes
Before the lawyer called the athletes , the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	yes
Whether or not the banker shouted , the students slept .	Did the students sleep ?	yes
Whether or not the secretary waited , the artists contacted the tourists .	Did the artists contact the tourists ?	yes
While the lawyers resigned , the presidents believed the athlete .	Did the presidents believe the athlete ?	yes
While the manager ran , the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	yes
Although the authors contacted the artists , the athletes believed the student .	Did the athletes believe the student ?	yes
Whether or not the athletes called the secretaries , the manager avoided the student .	Did the manager avoid the student ?	yes
While the secretary arrived , the artists thanked the senator .	Did the artists thank the senator ?	yes
After the athlete performed , the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	yes
Though the artists supported the professors , the tourists shouted .	Did the tourists shout ?	yes
In case the actor called the scientists , the students stopped the doctors .	Did the students stop the doctors ?	yes
In case the author shouted , the student avoided the artist .	Did the student avoid the artist ?	yes
After the doctor slept , the tourist danced .	Did the tourist dance ?	yes
Though the judge slept , the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	yes
In case the judges slept , the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	yes
Though the actor contacted the athletes , the judge ran .	Did the judge run ?	yes
Whether or not the author shouted , the doctor resigned .	Did the doctor resign ?	yes
Since the tourists believed the actors , the scientist stopped the student .	Did the scientist stop the student ?	yes
In case the managers avoided the secretary , the author introduced the professors .	Did the author introduce the professors ?	yes
Although the tourist recognized the judges , the senator stopped the president .	Did the senator stop the president ?	yes
Since the bankers shouted , the artist slept .	Did the artist sleep ?	yes
Since the secretaries shouted , the scientist arrived .	Did the scientist arrive ?	yes
In case the athlete saw the students , the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	yes
Though the athlete introduced the presidents , the actor mentioned the judges .	Did the actor mention the judges ?	yes
In case the banker waited , the scientists called the students .	Did the scientists call the students ?	yes
Because the secretaries waited , the actors arrived .	Did the actors arrive ?	yes
Though the senator mentioned the lawyer , the students encouraged the author .	Did the students encourage the author ?	yes
Because the secretary avoided the professors , the doctors recommended the senator .	Did the doctors recommend the senator ?	yes
Because the presidents arrived , the author admired the doctors .	Did the author admire the doctors ?	yes
After the doctor arrived , the professors recommended the presidents .	Did the professors recommend the presidents ?	yes
After the senator called the secretaries , the bankers encouraged the author .	Did the bankers encourage the author ?	yes
Though the presidents introduced the judges , the author recommended the professor .	Did the author recommend the professor ?	yes
Whether or not the secretary contacted the actors , the manager recognized the senators .	Did the manager recognize the senators ?	yes
In case the senators believed the lawyer , the managers saw the authors .	Did the managers see the authors ?	yes
Though the doctor performed , the tourist saw the professor .	Did the tourist see the professor ?	yes
In case the doctor mentioned the author , the banker resigned .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
In case the senator believed the doctors , the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	yes
Though the manager resigned , the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	yes
After the senators admired the tourists , the lawyer supported the doctor .	Did the lawyer support the doctor ?	yes
After the manager avoided the scientist , the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	yes
In case the athlete encouraged the tourists , the professors believed the doctors .	Did the professors believe the doctors ?	yes
While the student ran , the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	yes
In case the professors waited , the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
In case the secretary thanked the professor , the lawyers called the doctors .	Did the lawyers call the doctors ?	yes
Though the judge arrived , the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	yes
In case the doctor stopped the athlete , the manager avoided the scientist .	Did the manager avoid the scientist ?	yes
While the tourists stopped the bankers , the artist encouraged the president .	Did the artist encourage the president ?	yes
Before the president helped the tourist , the actors slept .	Did the actors sleep ?	yes
Because the students performed , the athlete shouted .	Did the athlete shout ?	yes
Whether or not the president believed the judge , the secretary arrived .	Did the secretary arrive ?	yes
Whether or not the judge recognized the president , the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	yes
Since the doctors called the athlete , the actors ran .	Did the actors run ?	yes
Before the managers believed the doctor , the lawyer encouraged the students .	Did the lawyer encourage the students ?	yes
Although the professor shouted , the doctors saw the scientist .	Did the doctors see the scientist ?	yes
Before the presidents mentioned the athletes , the tourist called the secretaries .	Did the tourist call the secretaries ?	yes
Whether or not the athletes mentioned the secretaries , the president contacted the managers .	Did the president contact the managers ?	yes
In case the lawyer thanked the scientist , the managers avoided the student .	Did the managers avoid the student ?	yes
While the judge helped the manager , the tourists advised the professor .	Did the tourists advise the professor ?	yes
Although the president arrived , the senator mentioned the author .	Did the senator mention the author ?	yes
Because the secretaries contacted the banker , the students shouted .	Did the students shout ?	yes
Before the artist supported the scientist , the president contacted the secretary .	Did the president contact the secretary ?	yes
Though the doctor ran , the athletes called the artist .	Did the athletes call the artist ?	yes
Before the banker avoided the tourists , the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	yes
While the authors stopped the bankers , the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	yes
In case the authors supported the lawyer , the manager slept .	Did the manager sleep ?	yes
Before the tourist stopped the athlete , the bankers supported the lawyers .	Did the bankers support the lawyers ?	yes
Because the author arrived , the lawyer saw the scientists .	Did the lawyer see the scientists ?	yes
Before the artists arrived , the judge mentioned the president .	Did the judge mention the president ?	yes
Whether or not the tourist encouraged the judge , the senators supported the actors .	Did the senators support the actors ?	yes
Though the lawyers admired the professors , the actors avoided the bankers .	Did the actors avoid the bankers ?	yes
While the scientist ran , the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	yes
Whether or not the author admired the lawyers , the scientists arrived .	Did the scientists arrive ?	yes
Before the doctors danced , the author shouted .	Did the author shout ?	yes
Whether or not the manager shouted , the tourist recognized the banker .	Did the tourist recognize the banker ?	yes
After the student introduced the author , the tourists advised the actor .	Did the tourists advise the actor ?	yes
Because the author saw the professors , the student believed the secretary .	Did the student believe the secretary ?	yes
In case the doctor helped the actor , the professor slept .	Did the professor sleep ?	yes
Because the secretaries thanked the artists , the doctors slept .	Did the doctors sleep ?	yes
Because the doctors waited , the athletes helped the secretary .	Did the athletes help the secretary ?	yes
Though the authors slept , the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	yes
Although the secretary performed , the scientist slept .	Did the scientist sleep ?	yes
While the judge thanked the scientist , the banker waited .	Did the banker wait ?	yes
After the judge stopped the senator , the manager helped the students .	Did the manager help the students ?	yes
Though the doctor supported the secretaries , the lawyer thanked the tourist .	Did the lawyer thank the tourist ?	yes
Before the senator advised the artists , the president slept .	Did the president sleep ?	yes
Whether or not the banker thanked the actor , the lawyer waited .	Did the lawyer wait ?	yes
After the professor helped the artists , the doctor admired the judge .	Did the doctor admire the judge ?	yes
After the judges called the tourists , the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	yes
Although the lawyer supported the professors , the presidents shouted .	Did the presidents shout ?	yes
After the secretaries helped the artist , the doctor thanked the bankers .	Did the doctor thank the bankers ?	yes
Although the managers resigned , the actor contacted the secretary .	Did the actor contact the secretary ?	yes
Although the professors resigned , the lawyers avoided the senators .	Did the lawyers avoid the senators ?	yes
Before the author avoided the actor , the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	yes
After the student slept , the secretaries arrived .	Did the secretaries arrive ?	yes
Although the secretary supported the managers , the doctor slept .	Did the doctor sleep ?	yes
Although the secretaries helped the scientists , the actor avoided the doctors .	Did the actor avoid the doctors ?	yes
Since the judge thanked the artist , the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	yes
Because the athletes advised the bankers , the secretary thanked the lawyer .	Did the secretary thank the lawyer ?	yes
While the secretary waited , the lawyer saw the student .	Did the lawyer see the student ?	yes
Before the student slept , the managers performed .	Did the managers perform ?	yes
While the professors danced , the secretaries advised the banker .	Did the secretaries advise the banker ?	yes
Though the doctor waited , the president ran .	Did the president run ?	yes
After the actor admired the athletes , the artist resigned .	Did the artist resign ?	yes
While the doctor saw the president , the actors called the bankers .	Did the actors call the bankers ?	yes
Whether or not the actor slept , the students contacted the secretaries .	Did the students contact the secretaries ?	yes
Though the managers supported the student , the doctor advised the senators .	Did the doctor advise the senators ?	yes
After the authors ran , the lawyers admired the students .	Did the lawyers admire the students ?	yes
Because the lawyers introduced the scientist , the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	yes
In case the professor introduced the authors , the doctors admired the athlete .	Did the doctors admire the athlete ?	yes
In case the secretaries introduced the student , the professor advised the athletes .	Did the professor advise the athletes ?	yes
Though the manager helped the senators , the banker supported the tourists .	Did the banker support the tourists ?	yes
After the artist waited , the athletes performed .	Did the athletes perform ?	yes
Because the scientists performed , the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	yes
Since the scientist introduced the professors , the manager ran .	Did the manager run ?	yes
Because the doctors arrived , the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	yes
Though the actor shouted , the artist recognized the doctors .	Did the artist recognize the doctors ?	yes
After the scientists helped the students , the actors thanked the judges .	Did the actors thank the judges ?	yes
After the artist mentioned the scientist , the authors introduced the professor .	Did the authors introduce the professor ?	yes
Since the secretaries performed , the author avoided the lawyer .	Did the author avoid the lawyer ?	yes
While the actor admired the authors , the secretaries encouraged the tourists .	Did the secretaries encourage the tourists ?	yes
While the athlete danced , the artists believed the professor .	Did the artists believe the professor ?	yes
Though the doctor contacted the student , the banker avoided the judges .	Did the banker avoid the judges ?	yes
Since the scientist advised the student , the secretary avoided the actor .	Did the secretary avoid the actor ?	yes
While the scientist mentioned the student , the president saw the manager .	Did the president see the manager ?	yes
Though the professors introduced the presidents , the judge danced .	Did the judge dance ?	yes
Although the student thanked the athletes , the actor resigned .	Did the actor resign ?	yes
In case the senator recommended the artist , the secretary recognized the banker .	Did the secretary recognize the banker ?	yes
Although the doctor introduced the actors , the manager saw the students .	Did the manager see the students ?	yes
Since the managers waited , the banker encouraged the doctors .	Did the banker encourage the doctors ?	yes
Though the students called the tourist , the actor slept .	Did the actor sleep ?	yes
While the scientist shouted , the bankers recognized the doctors .	Did the bankers recognize the doctors ?	yes
Although the author danced , the secretary introduced the athletes .	Did the secretary introduce the athletes ?	yes
Because the presidents waited , the tourist introduced the secretaries .	Did the tourist introduce the secretaries ?	yes
Whether or not the student encouraged the senator , the manager contacted the professors .	Did the manager contact the professors ?	yes
While the athletes arrived , the artist helped the students .	Did the artist help the students ?	yes
In case the secretaries saw the senators , the artists introduced the manager .	Did the artists introduce the manager ?	yes
In case the secretaries believed the judge , the student danced .	Did the student dance ?	yes
Whether or not the bankers supported the doctor , the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	yes
While the artists advised the presidents , the senator called the secretary .	Did the senator call the secretary ?	yes
Because the senators shouted , the tourist advised the professors .	Did the tourist advise the professors ?	yes
In case the student contacted the lawyer , the president saw the tourist .	Did the president see the tourist ?	yes
While the senator recommended the scientists , the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	yes
Before the professor helped the lawyer , the bankers called the doctor .	Did the bankers call the doctor ?	yes
Whether or not the lawyers waited , the professors believed the scientists .	Did the professors believe the scientists ?	yes
Because the presidents advised the lawyers , the athletes called the artist .	Did the athletes call the artist ?	yes
While the artists admired the athlete , the authors waited .	Did the authors wait ?	yes
Though the secretary admired the bankers , the judge danced .	Did the judge dance ?	yes
In case the professor advised the judge , the presidents avoided the manager .	Did the presidents avoid the manager ?	yes
While the judge saw the tourists , the authors performed .	Did the authors perform ?	yes
Because the actor ran , the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	yes
Although the actors introduced the lawyers , the managers resigned .	Did the managers resign ?	yes
Whether or not the athletes saw the senators , the judges contacted the students .	Did the judges contact the students ?	yes
After the presidents ran , the artist waited .	Did the artist wait ?	yes
Although the secretary encouraged the judge , the professors supported the doctors .	Did the professors support the doctors ?	yes
Because the senators contacted the student , the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	yes
Although the athletes ran , the scientist resigned .	Did the scientist resign ?	yes
In case the manager admired the author , the senator recognized the secretary .	Did the senator recognize the secretary ?	yes
While the judges supported the secretaries , the artists saw the scientists .	Did the artists see the scientists ?	yes
Since the presidents resigned , the lawyer avoided the senator .	Did the lawyer avoid the senator ?	yes
Before the senator recognized the professor , the doctors avoided the lawyer .	Did the doctors avoid the lawyer ?	yes
Though the senators slept , the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	yes
Before the artist contacted the scientists , the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
Before the doctor helped the managers , the lawyers admired the actor .	Did the lawyers admire the actor ?	yes
Because the bankers saw the managers , the authors encouraged the tourist .	Did the authors encourage the tourist ?	yes
In case the lawyers waited , the president supported the judges .	Did the president support the judges ?	yes
After the tourists avoided the president , the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	yes
After the students danced , the artist supported the managers .	Did the artist support the managers ?	yes
In case the authors recommended the banker , the judge performed .	Did the judge perform ?	yes
While the senators introduced the manager , the judge avoided the scientists .	Did the judge avoid the scientists ?	yes
In case the senator shouted , the professor resigned .	Did the professor resign ?	yes
In case the secretaries danced , the senators recommended the lawyers .	Did the senators recommend the lawyers ?	yes
In case the artist avoided the author , the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	yes
Because the secretary waited , the actors avoided the judge .	Did the actors avoid the judge ?	yes
In case the actors shouted , the banker recommended the athlete .	Did the banker recommend the athlete ?	yes
While the scientist slept , the student waited .	Did the student wait ?	yes
Because the managers resigned , the lawyers recommended the professor .	Did the lawyers recommend the professor ?	yes
After the professor advised the lawyers , the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
While the secretaries recommended the scientist , the lawyers believed the students .	Did the lawyers believe the students ?	yes
While the doctor called the presidents , the judge slept .	Did the judge sleep ?	yes
In case the doctor ran , the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	yes
Whether or not the authors slept , the presidents shouted .	Did the presidents shout ?	yes
Before the artists waited , the students mentioned the author .	Did the students mention the author ?	yes
After the presidents shouted , the scientist waited .	Did the scientist wait ?	yes
While the doctor slept , the authors admired the manager .	Did the authors admire the manager ?	yes
While the artists arrived , the presidents advised the doctor .	Did the presidents advise the doctor ?	yes
Whether or not the presidents resigned , the artists encouraged the authors .	Did the artists encourage the authors ?	yes
While the actor danced , the senators avoided the authors .	Did the senators avoid the authors ?	yes
Although the lawyers shouted , the presidents thanked the judges .	Did the presidents thank the judges ?	yes
Since the athletes resigned , the doctors believed the judge .	Did the doctors believe the judge ?	yes
While the athlete slept , the actors advised the scientist .	Did the actors advise the scientist ?	yes
Before the students introduced the professor , the authors waited .	Did the authors wait ?	yes
Before the students introduced the presidents , the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	yes
Though the artists resigned , the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	yes
Though the tourist waited , the artist encouraged the professors .	Did the artist encourage the professors ?	yes
In case the senator believed the scientist , the lawyers supported the students .	Did the lawyers support the students ?	yes
Although the doctors believed the president , the senator called the secretary .	Did the senator call the secretary ?	yes
Before the tourist recommended the scientist , the managers resigned .	Did the managers resign ?	yes
Because the senator introduced the judge , the actors contacted the president .	Did the actors contact the president ?	yes
Although the senator introduced the doctors , the judge resigned .	Did the judge resign ?	yes
Before the actors stopped the secretaries , the judge slept .	Did the judge sleep ?	yes
Since the actors recognized the judges , the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	yes
Whether or not the manager waited , the actors contacted the author .	Did the actors contact the author ?	yes
Whether or not the managers waited , the professor saw the lawyer .	Did the professor see the lawyer ?	yes
In case the professor called the managers , the artists thanked the student .	Did the artists thank the student ?	yes
After the senator slept , the authors mentioned the athletes .	Did the authors mention the athletes ?	yes
Because the judges shouted , the students saw the doctors .	Did the students see the doctors ?	yes
Because the senators thanked the actor , the doctors advised the artist .	Did the doctors advise the artist ?	yes
In case the artists supported the lawyers , the athlete contacted the professor .	Did the athlete contact the professor ?	yes
After the student supported the bankers , the senator recommended the scientists .	Did the senator recommend the scientists ?	yes
Though the managers shouted , the author saw the lawyers .	Did the author see the lawyers ?	yes
In case the lawyers mentioned the banker , the athletes arrived .	Did the athletes arrive ?	yes
Before the lawyers admired the judge , the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	yes
The managers knew that the students slept .	Did the students sleep ?	yes
The professors knew that the students ran .	Did the students run ?	yes
The tourists knew that the doctor admired the actors .	Did the doctor admire the actors ?	yes
The doctors forgot that the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	yes
The scientist knew that the athletes avoided the professors .	Did the athletes avoid the professors ?	yes
The doctors learned that the tourist helped the manager .	Did the tourist help the manager ?	yes
The president forgot that the judge stopped the actors .	Did the judge stop the actors ?	yes
The actor remembered that the president supported the artist .	Did the president support the artist ?	yes
The senator learned that the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	yes
The tourist remembered that the bankers supported the scientists .	Did the bankers support the scientists ?	yes
The president remembered that the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	yes
The author learned that the secretary slept .	Did the secretary sleep ?	yes
The scientist forgot that the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
The secretaries learned that the artists saw the judges .	Did the artists see the judges ?	yes
The athletes knew that the senator advised the scientist .	Did the senator advise the scientist ?	yes
The bankers remembered that the manager performed .	Did the manager perform ?	yes
The manager forgot that the judge recognized the doctor .	Did the judge recognize the doctor ?	yes
The professors knew that the tourists advised the author .	Did the tourists advise the author ?	yes
The athletes remembered that the author danced .	Did the author dance ?	yes
The banker remembered that the actor encouraged the secretary .	Did the actor encourage the secretary ?	yes
The presidents forgot that the senator mentioned the artist .	Did the senator mention the artist ?	yes
The judges learned that the lawyer arrived .	Did the lawyer arrive ?	yes
The doctor remembered that the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	yes
The secretaries forgot that the senator recommended the actors .	Did the senator recommend the actors ?	yes
The author knew that the scientist thanked the managers .	Did the scientist thank the managers ?	yes
The professor knew that the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	yes
The doctors learned that the students advised the actor .	Did the students advise the actor ?	yes
The actors learned that the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	yes
The actor learned that the doctors performed .	Did the doctors perform ?	yes
The senator forgot that the scientist believed the athlete .	Did the scientist believe the athlete ?	yes
The lawyers learned that the scientists recommended the secretary .	Did the scientists recommend the secretary ?	yes
The judge learned that the secretaries waited .	Did the secretaries wait ?	yes
The lawyers knew that the president introduced the professors .	Did the president introduce the professors ?	yes
The students remembered that the author supported the actors .	Did the author support the actors ?	yes
The artists forgot that the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	yes
The athletes forgot that the actors mentioned the doctor .	Did the actors mention the doctor ?	yes
The artist remembered that the judge believed the secretary .	Did the judge believe the secretary ?	yes
The manager knew that the actors encouraged the student .	Did the actors encourage the student ?	yes
The scientists learned that the judge advised the athletes .	Did the judge advise the athletes ?	yes
The bankers remembered that the professors arrived .	Did the professors arrive ?	yes
The actor knew that the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
The secretaries remembered that the manager arrived .	Did the manager arrive ?	yes
The judge remembered that the bankers stopped the professor .	Did the bankers stop the professor ?	yes
The manager forgot that the banker contacted the senator .	Did the banker contact the senator ?	yes
The students learned that the presidents introduced the bankers .	Did the presidents introduce the bankers ?	yes
The senators remembered that the secretaries encouraged the banker .	Did the secretaries encourage the banker ?	yes
The doctor knew that the managers believed the artist .	Did the managers believe the artist ?	yes
The bankers learned that the author supported the scientist .	Did the author support the scientist ?	yes
The artists learned that the secretaries thanked the senators .	Did the secretaries thank the senators ?	yes
The actor learned that the managers ran .	Did the managers run ?	yes
The judges remembered that the banker stopped the secretaries .	Did the banker stop the secretaries ?	yes
The artists remembered that the lawyer believed the managers .	Did the lawyer believe the managers ?	yes
The professor remembered that the manager mentioned the senators .	Did the manager mention the senators ?	yes
The actor forgot that the professor arrived .	Did the professor arrive ?	yes
The senators forgot that the managers supported the professors .	Did the managers support the professors ?	yes
The doctors learned that the author contacted the judge .	Did the author contact the judge ?	yes
The judges forgot that the athletes introduced the manager .	Did the athletes introduce the manager ?	yes
The athlete forgot that the professors stopped the author .	Did the professors stop the author ?	yes
The secretaries remembered that the senators contacted the lawyer .	Did the senators contact the lawyer ?	yes
The professors remembered that the senators slept .	Did the senators sleep ?	yes
The scientist remembered that the managers avoided the professors .	Did the managers avoid the professors ?	yes
The student learned that the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	yes
The secretary remembered that the judge performed .	Did the judge perform ?	yes
The artist knew that the secretaries stopped the managers .	Did the secretaries stop the managers ?	yes
The secretary knew that the senators resigned .	Did the senators resign ?	yes
The doctor remembered that the bankers waited .	Did the bankers wait ?	yes
The actor forgot that the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	yes
The judge knew that the banker resigned .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
The athletes forgot that the tourist contacted the actor .	Did the tourist contact the actor ?	yes
The athletes remembered that the doctor recognized the actor .	Did the doctor recognize the actor ?	yes
The secretary remembered that the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	yes
The scientist learned that the banker introduced the president .	Did the banker introduce the president ?	yes
The doctor forgot that the lawyer stopped the tourist .	Did the lawyer stop the tourist ?	yes
The tourist forgot that the students avoided the senator .	Did the students avoid the senator ?	yes
The scientist remembered that the student advised the authors .	Did the student advise the authors ?	yes
The senators learned that the artist mentioned the lawyers .	Did the artist mention the lawyers ?	yes
The bankers forgot that the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
The senator knew that the doctors stopped the judge .	Did the doctors stop the judge ?	yes
The doctor forgot that the tourists called the lawyers .	Did the tourists call the lawyers ?	yes
The author knew that the lawyer danced .	Did the lawyer dance ?	yes
The secretaries knew that the tourists ran .	Did the tourists run ?	yes
The secretary knew that the doctors thanked the artist .	Did the doctors thank the artist ?	yes
The actors knew that the students shouted .	Did the students shout ?	yes
The professors learned that the lawyer ran .	Did the lawyer run ?	yes
The managers remembered that the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	yes
The tourist remembered that the athlete saw the judges .	Did the athlete see the judges ?	yes
The manager forgot that the actor shouted .	Did the actor shout ?	yes
The senators learned that the manager saw the author .	Did the manager see the author ?	yes
The authors remembered that the tourist helped the professors .	Did the tourist help the professors ?	yes
The managers learned that the authors believed the professor .	Did the authors believe the professor ?	yes
The secretary learned that the author resigned .	Did the author resign ?	yes
The athlete knew that the students thanked the manager .	Did the students thank the manager ?	yes
The author forgot that the professors helped the athletes .	Did the professors help the athletes ?	yes
The tourists forgot that the banker helped the lawyers .	Did the banker help the lawyers ?	yes
The author remembered that the professor helped the student .	Did the professor help the student ?	yes
The managers remembered that the senator ran .	Did the senator run ?	yes
The authors knew that the judge recognized the students .	Did the judge recognize the students ?	yes
The presidents knew that the manager admired the student .	Did the manager admire the student ?	yes
The athlete forgot that the lawyer supported the president .	Did the lawyer support the president ?	yes
The actor knew that the senators saw the secretary .	Did the senators see the secretary ?	yes
The author knew that the actors resigned .	Did the actors resign ?	yes
The author forgot that the professor called the artists .	Did the professor call the artists ?	yes
The lawyers knew that the scientists shouted .	Did the scientists shout ?	yes
The judge remembered that the presidents mentioned the tourists .	Did the presidents mention the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer learned that the professors encouraged the student .	Did the professors encourage the student ?	yes
The tourist learned that the professors called the senator .	Did the professors call the senator ?	yes
The artists knew that the banker performed .	Did the banker perform ?	yes
The professor knew that the students admired the manager .	Did the students admire the manager ?	yes
The professor knew that the bankers supported the doctor .	Did the bankers support the doctor ?	yes
The secretaries remembered that the presidents saw the artists .	Did the presidents see the artists ?	yes
The professors learned that the artists recommended the student .	Did the artists recommend the student ?	yes
The senator remembered that the bankers believed the athletes .	Did the bankers believe the athletes ?	yes
The scientists remembered that the judges introduced the actor .	Did the judges introduce the actor ?	yes
The secretaries learned that the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	yes
The authors remembered that the scientists advised the tourist .	Did the scientists advise the tourist ?	yes
The banker forgot that the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	yes
The scientist learned that the actors helped the managers .	Did the actors help the managers ?	yes
The presidents remembered that the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	yes
The artists remembered that the president helped the managers .	Did the president help the managers ?	yes
The doctor forgot that the actor advised the lawyers .	Did the actor advise the lawyers ?	yes
The athlete forgot that the senators thanked the actor .	Did the senators thank the actor ?	yes
The tourists remembered that the lawyer shouted .	Did the lawyer shout ?	yes
The president forgot that the secretaries stopped the professor .	Did the secretaries stop the professor ?	yes
The judge learned that the athletes mentioned the students .	Did the athletes mention the students ?	yes
The bankers knew that the president called the tourists .	Did the president call the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer remembered that the athlete helped the students .	Did the athlete help the students ?	yes
The actor forgot that the tourist advised the artists .	Did the tourist advise the artists ?	yes
The banker remembered that the senators encouraged the lawyer .	Did the senators encourage the lawyer ?	yes
The scientists forgot that the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	yes
The athletes knew that the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	yes
The senators forgot that the artist avoided the secretary .	Did the artist avoid the secretary ?	yes
The president learned that the banker waited .	Did the banker wait ?	yes
The judges knew that the bankers believed the president .	Did the bankers believe the president ?	yes
The lawyer forgot that the actor mentioned the senator .	Did the actor mention the senator ?	yes
The tourists knew that the presidents encouraged the actors .	Did the presidents encourage the actors ?	yes
The tourists learned that the doctor mentioned the author .	Did the doctor mention the author ?	yes
The athlete remembered that the lawyer contacted the professors .	Did the lawyer contact the professors ?	yes
The secretary forgot that the lawyer thanked the manager .	Did the lawyer thank the manager ?	yes
The artists learned that the students resigned .	Did the students resign ?	yes
The manager knew that the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	yes
The manager forgot that the bankers arrived .	Did the bankers arrive ?	yes
The manager forgot that the scientists believed the secretary .	Did the scientists believe the secretary ?	yes
The doctor knew that the students mentioned the actors .	Did the students mention the actors ?	yes
The athlete remembered that the banker contacted the judges .	Did the banker contact the judges ?	yes
The doctors remembered that the actors arrived .	Did the actors arrive ?	yes
The judge forgot that the authors saw the students .	Did the authors see the students ?	yes
The athletes remembered that the student avoided the judges .	Did the student avoid the judges ?	yes
The senator knew that the lawyer slept .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	yes
The judges knew that the tourist recommended the doctor .	Did the tourist recommend the doctor ?	yes
The authors forgot that the presidents called the professors .	Did the presidents call the professors ?	yes
The lawyer remembered that the professors resigned .	Did the professors resign ?	yes
The scientist remembered that the presidents contacted the tourist .	Did the presidents contact the tourist ?	yes
The senators forgot that the artist stopped the tourists .	Did the artist stop the tourists ?	yes
The scientist knew that the president helped the senator .	Did the president help the senator ?	yes
The judge knew that the student advised the professors .	Did the student advise the professors ?	yes
The lawyer knew that the secretaries stopped the student .	Did the secretaries stop the student ?	yes
The judges remembered that the managers recommended the actor .	Did the managers recommend the actor ?	yes
The presidents learned that the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	yes
The senators knew that the athletes admired the doctor .	Did the athletes admire the doctor ?	yes
The scientist remembered that the author resigned .	Did the author resign ?	yes
The student learned that the doctors recognized the professor .	Did the doctors recognize the professor ?	yes
The manager remembered that the tourist admired the lawyers .	Did the tourist admire the lawyers ?	yes
The students remembered that the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	yes
The actor remembered that the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	yes
The president remembered that the lawyers slept .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	yes
The student knew that the senator helped the bankers .	Did the senator help the bankers ?	yes
The scientist remembered that the president danced .	Did the president dance ?	yes
The lawyer knew that the artists recommended the athlete .	Did the artists recommend the athlete ?	yes
The students forgot that the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	yes
The doctors remembered that the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	yes
The professors remembered that the student stopped the athletes .	Did the student stop the athletes ?	yes
The scientists learned that the doctors encouraged the judge .	Did the doctors encourage the judge ?	yes
The tourist learned that the artist avoided the students .	Did the artist avoid the students ?	yes
The athletes learned that the actor shouted .	Did the actor shout ?	yes
The senator learned that the scientist saw the author .	Did the scientist see the author ?	yes
The doctor knew that the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	yes
The secretary knew that the judges introduced the doctors .	Did the judges introduce the doctors ?	yes
The president forgot that the artists mentioned the secretaries .	Did the artists mention the secretaries ?	yes
The scientists knew that the tourist saw the artist .	Did the tourist see the artist ?	yes
The students learned that the managers ran .	Did the managers run ?	yes
The senator remembered that the president avoided the author .	Did the president avoid the author ?	yes
The professors forgot that the athletes introduced the managers .	Did the athletes introduce the managers ?	yes
The professors knew that the scientists resigned .	Did the scientists resign ?	yes
The managers learned that the lawyers resigned .	Did the lawyers resign ?	yes
The artist knew that the president performed .	Did the president perform ?	yes
The president learned that the students ran .	Did the students run ?	yes
The judges remembered that the artist called the athlete .	Did the artist call the athlete ?	yes
The judge forgot that the lawyers mentioned the professor .	Did the lawyers mention the professor ?	yes
The senators forgot that the managers believed the tourist .	Did the managers believe the tourist ?	yes
The actors remembered that the artist recommended the athlete .	Did the artist recommend the athlete ?	yes
The senators remembered that the president recommended the professors .	Did the president recommend the professors ?	yes
The authors knew that the artists slept .	Did the artists sleep ?	yes
The professors forgot that the lawyers performed .	Did the lawyers perform ?	yes
The bankers remembered that the doctors arrived .	Did the doctors arrive ?	yes
The doctor learned that the authors resigned .	Did the authors resign ?	yes
The artists forgot that the professor avoided the students .	Did the professor avoid the students ?	yes
The presidents forgot that the secretaries danced .	Did the secretaries dance ?	yes
The scientist forgot that the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	yes
The senator learned that the bankers arrived .	Did the bankers arrive ?	yes
The presidents remembered that the author contacted the senator .	Did the author contact the senator ?	yes
The artist remembered that the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	yes
The authors learned that the presidents introduced the artist .	Did the presidents introduce the artist ?	yes
The author knew that the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
The bankers forgot that the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	yes
The banker forgot that the presidents recognized the scientists .	Did the presidents recognize the scientists ?	yes
The actors remembered that the lawyers arrived .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
The managers remembered that the authors believed the professor .	Did the authors believe the professor ?	yes
The athletes knew that the judges encouraged the students .	Did the judges encourage the students ?	yes
The artists knew that the presidents admired the lawyer .	Did the presidents admire the lawyer ?	yes
The professors remembered that the students contacted the artist .	Did the students contact the artist ?	yes
The judges remembered that the presidents encouraged the athletes .	Did the presidents encourage the athletes ?	yes
The actors remembered that the athletes called the professors .	Did the athletes call the professors ?	yes
The senators forgot that the president ran .	Did the president run ?	yes
The secretaries remembered that the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	yes
The judge remembered that the actor saw the president .	Did the actor see the president ?	yes
The managers remembered that the presidents avoided the lawyer .	Did the presidents avoid the lawyer ?	yes
The artist remembered that the author performed .	Did the author perform ?	yes
The lawyer forgot that the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	yes
The judge learned that the president believed the professors .	Did the president believe the professors ?	yes
The professor remembered that the authors performed .	Did the authors perform ?	yes
The scientist remembered that the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	yes
The senator knew that the tourists mentioned the scientist .	Did the tourists mention the scientist ?	yes
The scientist learned that the judges avoided the banker .	Did the judges avoid the banker ?	yes
The senators remembered that the bankers advised the judges .	Did the bankers advise the judges ?	yes
The actors learned that the artists encouraged the professors .	Did the artists encourage the professors ?	yes
The athlete forgot that the judges admired the banker .	Did the judges admire the banker ?	yes
The lawyer remembered that the athlete arrived .	Did the athlete arrive ?	yes
The senator remembered that the authors waited .	Did the authors wait ?	yes
The scientist forgot that the actor contacted the author .	Did the actor contact the author ?	yes
The professors remembered that the actors admired the presidents .	Did the actors admire the presidents ?	yes
The manager knew that the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	yes
The judges learned that the bankers avoided the senators .	Did the bankers avoid the senators ?	yes
The students learned that the doctors recognized the actors .	Did the doctors recognize the actors ?	yes
The doctors forgot that the professor introduced the manager .	Did the professor introduce the manager ?	yes
The professors learned that the doctor contacted the president .	Did the doctor contact the president ?	yes
The bankers remembered that the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	yes
The scientist learned that the bankers advised the professors .	Did the bankers advise the professors ?	yes
The secretary forgot that the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	yes
The students forgot that the presidents contacted the lawyer .	Did the presidents contact the lawyer ?	yes
The presidents knew that the athlete called the bankers .	Did the athlete call the bankers ?	yes
The tourist forgot that the scientist advised the managers .	Did the scientist advise the managers ?	yes
The artist forgot that the author ran .	Did the author run ?	yes
The scientists forgot that the managers contacted the judges .	Did the managers contact the judges ?	yes
The secretary learned that the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	yes
The president forgot that the lawyers danced .	Did the lawyers dance ?	yes
The lawyer forgot that the presidents waited .	Did the presidents wait ?	yes
The bankers knew that the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	yes
The president learned that the tourist ran .	Did the tourist run ?	yes
The artists remembered that the lawyer advised the authors .	Did the lawyer advise the authors ?	yes
The lawyer forgot that the athletes saw the actors .	Did the athletes see the actors ?	yes
The manager remembered that the secretary saw the judges .	Did the secretary see the judges ?	yes
The senator forgot that the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	yes
The lawyers learned that the artist shouted .	Did the artist shout ?	yes
The managers knew that the athletes saw the senators .	Did the athletes see the senators ?	yes
The actors knew that the doctor admired the manager .	Did the doctor admire the manager ?	yes
The actor knew that the senator arrived .	Did the senator arrive ?	yes
The students learned that the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	yes
The athlete learned that the artist admired the students .	Did the artist admire the students ?	yes
The lawyer remembered that the author avoided the athlete .	Did the author avoid the athlete ?	yes
The lawyer learned that the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	yes
The professor forgot that the senators avoided the athlete .	Did the senators avoid the athlete ?	yes
The judges forgot that the student slept .	Did the student sleep ?	yes
The athletes forgot that the secretaries mentioned the senator .	Did the secretaries mention the senator ?	yes
The author knew that the manager contacted the president .	Did the manager contact the president ?	yes
The students learned that the actors admired the judges .	Did the actors admire the judges ?	yes
The artist remembered that the professors believed the scientists .	Did the professors believe the scientists ?	yes
The author remembered that the professors avoided the judge .	Did the professors avoid the judge ?	yes
The senators remembered that the professors contacted the tourist .	Did the professors contact the tourist ?	yes
The student remembered that the presidents thanked the lawyer .	Did the presidents thank the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyers forgot that the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	yes
The president knew that the lawyer introduced the actors .	Did the lawyer introduce the actors ?	yes
The artist forgot that the author recommended the professors .	Did the author recommend the professors ?	yes
The athletes knew that the tourist admired the bankers .	Did the tourist admire the bankers ?	yes
The presidents knew that the secretary stopped the judges .	Did the secretary stop the judges ?	yes
The doctor forgot that the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	yes
The judges remembered that the student contacted the artist .	Did the student contact the artist ?	yes
The students remembered that the artists saw the professors .	Did the artists see the professors ?	yes
The secretaries learned that the tourist arrived .	Did the tourist arrive ?	yes
The president forgot that the authors recommended the tourists .	Did the authors recommend the tourists ?	yes
The judge remembered that the students thanked the athlete .	Did the students thank the athlete ?	yes
The athlete knew that the banker helped the senators .	Did the banker help the senators ?	yes
The doctors remembered that the bankers danced .	Did the bankers dance ?	yes
The senators knew that the secretaries saw the student .	Did the secretaries see the student ?	yes
The president learned that the professor called the senator .	Did the professor call the senator ?	yes
The secretaries remembered that the professors believed the manager .	Did the professors believe the manager ?	yes
The banker knew that the tourist ran .	Did the tourist run ?	yes
The professors remembered that the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	yes
The managers learned that the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	yes
The athletes forgot that the judges helped the secretary .	Did the judges help the secretary ?	yes
The president remembered that the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	yes
The doctor knew that the actors contacted the artist .	Did the actors contact the artist ?	yes
The senator remembered that the professor saw the presidents .	Did the professor see the presidents ?	yes
The secretaries remembered that the student mentioned the professors .	Did the student mention the professors ?	yes
The president learned that the judges contacted the bankers .	Did the judges contact the bankers ?	yes
The judges learned that the students avoided the actor .	Did the students avoid the actor ?	yes
The scientists remembered that the professors admired the banker .	Did the professors admire the banker ?	yes
The banker remembered that the students mentioned the doctors .	Did the students mention the doctors ?	yes
The senator knew that the athletes arrived .	Did the athletes arrive ?	yes
The presidents learned that the lawyer danced .	Did the lawyer dance ?	yes
The student remembered that the senator believed the judges .	Did the senator believe the judges ?	yes
The presidents remembered that the scientists advised the lawyer .	Did the scientists advise the lawyer ?	yes
The professors learned that the manager thanked the tourist .	Did the manager thank the tourist ?	yes
The artist remembered that the lawyer stopped the students .	Did the lawyer stop the students ?	yes
The judge knew that the manager stopped the president .	Did the manager stop the president ?	yes
The athletes learned that the actor ran .	Did the actor run ?	yes
The lawyers knew that the student thanked the doctors .	Did the student thank the doctors ?	yes
The manager knew that the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	yes
The professors forgot that the secretaries recognized the students .	Did the secretaries recognize the students ?	yes
The manager remembered that the doctor stopped the president .	Did the doctor stop the president ?	yes
The actors forgot that the presidents advised the manager .	Did the presidents advise the manager ?	yes
The athlete knew that the presidents recommended the artists .	Did the presidents recommend the artists ?	yes
The senator forgot that the actor recommended the author .	Did the actor recommend the author ?	yes
The bankers forgot that the tourist arrived .	Did the tourist arrive ?	yes
The athletes learned that the secretaries waited .	Did the secretaries wait ?	yes
The athlete forgot that the professors slept .	Did the professors sleep ?	yes
The lawyer learned that the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	yes
The artist forgot that the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	yes
The professors forgot that the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	yes
The artists learned that the manager danced .	Did the manager dance ?	yes
The professor knew that the bankers ran .	Did the bankers run ?	yes
The lawyers learned that the tourist ran .	Did the tourist run ?	yes
The doctor remembered that the judges advised the authors .	Did the judges advise the authors ?	yes
The professors learned that the athlete mentioned the doctors .	Did the athlete mention the doctors ?	yes
The senators forgot that the judges supported the authors .	Did the judges support the authors ?	yes
The secretaries learned that the managers admired the professors .	Did the managers admire the professors ?	yes
The secretary learned that the athletes saw the senator .	Did the athletes see the senator ?	yes
The secretaries knew that the judge slept .	Did the judge sleep ?	yes
The artists remembered that the banker recommended the scientist .	Did the banker recommend the scientist ?	yes
The authors forgot that the managers called the bankers .	Did the managers call the bankers ?	yes
The actor forgot that the managers stopped the athlete .	Did the managers stop the athlete ?	yes
The lawyer knew that the senators supported the judges .	Did the senators support the judges ?	yes
The senator knew that the artists arrived .	Did the artists arrive ?	yes
The president learned that the senator mentioned the secretary .	Did the senator mention the secretary ?	yes
The scientist remembered that the presidents contacted the artists .	Did the presidents contact the artists ?	yes
The lawyer knew that the scientists arrived .	Did the scientists arrive ?	yes
The secretary forgot that the artists saw the athlete .	Did the artists see the athlete ?	yes
The tourist learned that the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	yes
The actors knew that the student believed the presidents .	Did the student believe the presidents ?	yes
The senators learned that the students stopped the actors .	Did the students stop the actors ?	yes
The doctors forgot that the senators encouraged the managers .	Did the senators encourage the managers ?	yes
The banker knew that the scientist avoided the athlete .	Did the scientist avoid the athlete ?	yes
The tourist remembered that the manager advised the student .	Did the manager advise the student ?	yes
The lawyers learned that the athlete danced .	Did the athlete dance ?	yes
The professors remembered that the doctor called the lawyers .	Did the doctor call the lawyers ?	yes
The artist forgot that the judges performed .	Did the judges perform ?	yes
The president forgot that the athletes helped the professor .	Did the athletes help the professor ?	yes
The tourist knew that the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	yes
The secretary learned that the scientist advised the actors .	Did the scientist advise the actors ?	yes
The president knew that the lawyers resigned .	Did the lawyers resign ?	yes
The judges knew that the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	yes
The president forgot that the senators encouraged the managers .	Did the senators encourage the managers ?	yes
The authors knew that the doctors contacted the tourists .	Did the doctors contact the tourists ?	yes
The lawyers forgot that the scientist avoided the secretary .	Did the scientist avoid the secretary ?	yes
The senators forgot that the bankers mentioned the authors .	Did the bankers mention the authors ?	yes
The student learned that the judge encouraged the artist .	Did the judge encourage the artist ?	yes
The tourists learned that the author performed .	Did the author perform ?	yes
The athlete forgot that the judge contacted the tourist .	Did the judge contact the tourist ?	yes
The judges knew that the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	yes
The managers forgot that the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	yes
The doctors remembered that the tourists slept .	Did the tourists sleep ?	yes
The bankers learned that the artists contacted the lawyers .	Did the artists contact the lawyers ?	yes
The scientist knew that the author mentioned the secretaries .	Did the author mention the secretaries ?	yes
The professor learned that the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	yes
The artists remembered that the manager arrived .	Did the manager arrive ?	yes
The secretary remembered that the scientist avoided the judges .	Did the scientist avoid the judges ?	yes
The bankers knew that the author mentioned the athletes .	Did the author mention the athletes ?	yes
The judge remembered that the athlete danced .	Did the athlete dance ?	yes
The authors remembered that the actor recommended the scientist .	Did the actor recommend the scientist ?	yes
The lawyers knew that the senator saw the presidents .	Did the senator see the presidents ?	yes
The manager forgot that the banker admired the doctors .	Did the banker admire the doctors ?	yes
The secretary forgot that the president recognized the actor .	Did the president recognize the actor ?	yes
The secretaries forgot that the senators thanked the athletes .	Did the senators thank the athletes ?	yes
The student remembered that the managers saw the authors .	Did the managers see the authors ?	yes
The scientist learned that the judges called the lawyers .	Did the judges call the lawyers ?	yes
The athletes knew that the judges saw the secretary .	Did the judges see the secretary ?	yes
The judges remembered that the managers thanked the bankers .	Did the managers thank the bankers ?	yes
The judges remembered that the scientists called the tourist .	Did the scientists call the tourist ?	yes
The artists learned that the managers thanked the bankers .	Did the managers thank the bankers ?	yes
The judges learned that the scientist avoided the manager .	Did the scientist avoid the manager ?	yes
The lawyer learned that the doctor stopped the actor .	Did the doctor stop the actor ?	yes
The judge forgot that the doctors mentioned the lawyers .	Did the doctors mention the lawyers ?	yes
The banker learned that the scientists waited .	Did the scientists wait ?	yes
The banker forgot that the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	yes
The secretary remembered that the professors admired the presidents .	Did the professors admire the presidents ?	yes
The lawyer remembered that the secretaries contacted the professor .	Did the secretaries contact the professor ?	yes
The scientist forgot that the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	yes
The professor forgot that the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	yes
The actors forgot that the judges called the professors .	Did the judges call the professors ?	yes
The secretary knew that the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	yes
The senator knew that the secretaries stopped the artist .	Did the secretaries stop the artist ?	yes
The doctor knew that the senator supported the president .	Did the senator support the president ?	yes
The tourists knew that the student ran .	Did the student run ?	yes
The athlete knew that the presidents believed the scientist .	Did the presidents believe the scientist ?	yes
The author knew that the artist mentioned the actors .	Did the artist mention the actors ?	yes
The professor learned that the senator advised the lawyers .	Did the senator advise the lawyers ?	yes
The manager forgot that the scientist mentioned the lawyers .	Did the scientist mention the lawyers ?	yes
The secretaries remembered that the managers believed the bankers .	Did the managers believe the bankers ?	yes
The scientist learned that the students advised the managers .	Did the students advise the managers ?	yes
The student forgot that the artists stopped the secretaries .	Did the artists stop the secretaries ?	yes
The tourists knew that the judge recognized the secretary .	Did the judge recognize the secretary ?	yes
The professors forgot that the senators recommended the judge .	Did the senators recommend the judge ?	yes
The presidents learned that the doctors ran .	Did the doctors run ?	yes
The artist forgot that the professors contacted the actors .	Did the professors contact the actors ?	yes
The senators learned that the manager ran .	Did the manager run ?	yes
The doctors knew that the students ran .	Did the students run ?	yes
The artists knew that the scientist stopped the senators .	Did the scientist stop the senators ?	yes
The senator forgot that the managers shouted .	Did the managers shout ?	yes
The students remembered that the scientist advised the banker .	Did the scientist advise the banker ?	yes
The athletes knew that the secretaries danced .	Did the secretaries dance ?	yes
The athletes forgot that the manager performed .	Did the manager perform ?	yes
The professor knew that the author performed .	Did the author perform ?	yes
The judge forgot that the senator shouted .	Did the senator shout ?	yes
The scientists knew that the doctor waited .	Did the doctor wait ?	yes
The presidents remembered that the scientist recommended the bankers .	Did the scientist recommend the bankers ?	yes
The lawyers learned that the tourists ran .	Did the tourists run ?	yes
The athlete remembered that the secretaries advised the actor .	Did the secretaries advise the actor ?	yes
The athlete remembered that the managers advised the banker .	Did the managers advise the banker ?	yes
The lawyers knew that the president helped the authors .	Did the president help the authors ?	yes
The authors forgot that the actors stopped the professors .	Did the actors stop the professors ?	yes
The student knew that the lawyer helped the president .	Did the lawyer help the president ?	yes
The president knew that the managers introduced the students .	Did the managers introduce the students ?	yes
The students learned that the lawyer waited .	Did the lawyer wait ?	yes
The artist forgot that the athlete encouraged the doctors .	Did the athlete encourage the doctors ?	yes
The senators knew that the artist shouted .	Did the artist shout ?	yes
The athletes learned that the manager slept .	Did the manager sleep ?	yes
The senator learned that the doctors slept .	Did the doctors sleep ?	yes
The secretary knew that the lawyers supported the judge .	Did the lawyers support the judge ?	yes
The judge knew that the doctors introduced the president .	Did the doctors introduce the president ?	yes
The lawyer knew that the senator avoided the actor .	Did the senator avoid the actor ?	yes
The author remembered that the actors waited .	Did the actors wait ?	yes
The president remembered that the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	yes
The secretaries remembered that the professor advised the actor .	Did the professor advise the actor ?	yes
The artists learned that the authors admired the doctor .	Did the authors admire the doctor ?	yes
The judge learned that the lawyers arrived .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
The bankers forgot that the tourists resigned .	Did the tourists resign ?	yes
The athlete knew that the judges performed .	Did the judges perform ?	yes
The banker forgot that the managers arrived .	Did the managers arrive ?	yes
The professor knew that the scientist recommended the artist .	Did the scientist recommend the artist ?	yes
The presidents knew that the bankers arrived .	Did the bankers arrive ?	yes
The bankers remembered that the senators supported the scientist .	Did the senators support the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer learned that the president recognized the authors .	Did the president recognize the authors ?	yes
The professor remembered that the managers recognized the senator .	Did the managers recognize the senator ?	yes
The actors remembered that the lawyers danced .	Did the lawyers dance ?	yes
The artist forgot that the author admired the doctor .	Did the author admire the doctor ?	yes
The senators learned that the actor stopped the lawyer .	Did the actor stop the lawyer ?	yes
The bankers forgot that the actor called the doctor .	Did the actor call the doctor ?	yes
The judges forgot that the managers stopped the athletes .	Did the managers stop the athletes ?	yes
The professor knew that the actor helped the doctor .	Did the actor help the doctor ?	yes
The tourists knew that the doctors supported the artist .	Did the doctors support the artist ?	yes
The scientists knew that the lawyers stopped the doctor .	Did the lawyers stop the doctor ?	yes
The senators knew that the managers stopped the lawyer .	Did the managers stop the lawyer ?	yes
The students forgot that the manager ran .	Did the manager run ?	yes
The tourists forgot that the secretaries advised the actor .	Did the secretaries advise the actor ?	yes
The tourists learned that the managers resigned .	Did the managers resign ?	yes
The bankers knew that the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	yes
The professor knew that the bankers advised the secretary .	Did the bankers advise the secretary ?	yes
The lawyer remembered that the authors danced .	Did the authors dance ?	yes
The actor learned that the professors stopped the athletes .	Did the professors stop the athletes ?	yes
The artists forgot that the president danced .	Did the president dance ?	yes
The scientists knew that the artists contacted the president .	Did the artists contact the president ?	yes
The athletes forgot that the student resigned .	Did the student resign ?	yes
The actor learned that the professor avoided the tourists .	Did the professor avoid the tourists ?	yes
The scientists forgot that the secretary slept .	Did the secretary sleep ?	yes
The lawyer remembered that the banker danced .	Did the banker dance ?	yes
The artists forgot that the scientist introduced the doctors .	Did the scientist introduce the doctors ?	yes
The senator learned that the artists mentioned the doctors .	Did the artists mention the doctors ?	yes
The doctors remembered that the author arrived .	Did the author arrive ?	yes
The authors knew that the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
The actor knew that the judges ran .	Did the judges run ?	yes
The athletes forgot that the actors thanked the presidents .	Did the actors thank the presidents ?	yes
The tourists knew that the senator believed the athlete .	Did the senator believe the athlete ?	yes
The senators remembered that the professors recommended the managers .	Did the professors recommend the managers ?	yes
The lawyer knew that the doctors mentioned the artist .	Did the doctors mention the artist ?	yes
The judges forgot that the artists contacted the lawyer .	Did the artists contact the lawyer ?	yes
The authors knew that the secretary recognized the judges .	Did the secretary recognize the judges ?	yes
The athlete remembered that the judges avoided the tourist .	Did the judges avoid the tourist ?	yes
The athlete learned that the judges encouraged the managers .	Did the judges encourage the managers ?	yes
The authors knew that the manager stopped the artists .	Did the manager stop the artists ?	yes
The bankers remembered that the presidents shouted .	Did the presidents shout ?	yes
The authors learned that the athletes admired the presidents .	Did the athletes admire the presidents ?	yes
The lawyer forgot that the student danced .	Did the student dance ?	yes
The president knew that the professor ran .	Did the professor run ?	yes
The doctors remembered that the authors contacted the students .	Did the authors contact the students ?	yes
The manager remembered that the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	yes
The senator forgot that the students encouraged the doctors .	Did the students encourage the doctors ?	yes
The lawyers forgot that the manager called the judge .	Did the manager call the judge ?	yes
The bankers knew that the senators performed .	Did the senators perform ?	yes
The student learned that the doctor avoided the secretary .	Did the doctor avoid the secretary ?	yes
The scientist knew that the authors arrived .	Did the authors arrive ?	yes
The athlete forgot that the student called the artist .	Did the student call the artist ?	yes
The managers forgot that the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	yes
The lawyers learned that the doctors mentioned the professors .	Did the doctors mention the professors ?	yes
The authors remembered that the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	yes
The students forgot that the managers mentioned the lawyer .	Did the managers mention the lawyer ?	yes
The professor knew that the doctor resigned .	Did the doctor resign ?	yes
The lawyers knew that the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	yes
The lawyers forgot that the tourist admired the athletes .	Did the tourist admire the athletes ?	yes
The senators remembered that the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	yes
The tourists remembered that the artists introduced the judge .	Did the artists introduce the judge ?	yes
The scientist knew that the professors stopped the authors .	Did the professors stop the authors ?	yes
The presidents learned that the lawyers recognized the tourist .	Did the lawyers recognize the tourist ?	yes
The banker learned that the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	yes
The bankers learned that the managers recommended the presidents .	Did the managers recommend the presidents ?	yes
The tourists forgot that the banker stopped the secretary .	Did the banker stop the secretary ?	yes
The bankers remembered that the students helped the secretary .	Did the students help the secretary ?	yes
The lawyer forgot that the student helped the athletes .	Did the student help the athletes ?	yes
The presidents remembered that the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	yes
The actor knew that the author recognized the doctor .	Did the author recognize the doctor ?	yes
The scientists remembered that the manager mentioned the athletes .	Did the manager mention the athletes ?	yes
The actor learned that the lawyer danced .	Did the lawyer dance ?	yes
The managers forgot that the students called the president .	Did the students call the president ?	yes
The tourist forgot that the bankers called the athletes .	Did the bankers call the athletes ?	yes
The banker knew that the manager mentioned the judges .	Did the manager mention the judges ?	yes
The bankers knew that the managers believed the doctor .	Did the managers believe the doctor ?	yes
The senators remembered that the lawyer avoided the judges .	Did the lawyer avoid the judges ?	yes
The judges forgot that the president mentioned the manager .	Did the president mention the manager ?	yes
The artist knew that the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	yes
The managers learned that the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	yes
The judge learned that the authors stopped the presidents .	Did the authors stop the presidents ?	yes
The presidents knew that the senators ran .	Did the senators run ?	yes
The presidents forgot that the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	yes
The manager learned that the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	yes
The tourist forgot that the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	yes
The professor remembered that the secretaries introduced the judge .	Did the secretaries introduce the judge ?	yes
The student remembered that the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	yes
The authors knew that the scientists arrived .	Did the scientists arrive ?	yes
The lawyers remembered that the doctors slept .	Did the doctors sleep ?	yes
The scientists forgot that the banker saw the manager .	Did the banker see the manager ?	yes
The doctor learned that the tourist shouted .	Did the tourist shout ?	yes
The lawyer remembered that the manager supported the doctor .	Did the manager support the doctor ?	yes
The manager forgot that the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	yes
The judges knew that the author advised the bankers .	Did the author advise the bankers ?	yes
The manager knew that the scientist encouraged the lawyer .	Did the scientist encourage the lawyer ?	yes
The athlete learned that the tourist admired the author .	Did the tourist admire the author ?	yes
The bankers remembered that the doctors thanked the actor .	Did the doctors thank the actor ?	yes
The authors remembered that the doctors mentioned the scientist .	Did the doctors mention the scientist ?	yes
The lawyer remembered that the author recommended the doctor .	Did the author recommend the doctor ?	yes
The athlete knew that the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	yes
The doctor knew that the athlete slept .	Did the athlete sleep ?	yes
The scientist learned that the athlete helped the tourist .	Did the athlete help the tourist ?	yes
The judge remembered that the students advised the artists .	Did the students advise the artists ?	yes
The managers knew that the professors avoided the presidents .	Did the professors avoid the presidents ?	yes
The secretaries knew that the students shouted .	Did the students shout ?	yes
The tourists forgot that the scientists encouraged the lawyers .	Did the scientists encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The artist remembered that the scientists admired the judge .	Did the scientists admire the judge ?	yes
The professors learned that the tourists supported the actors .	Did the tourists support the actors ?	yes
The professors learned that the tourist arrived .	Did the tourist arrive ?	yes
The president learned that the senator advised the doctors .	Did the senator advise the doctors ?	yes
The actor forgot that the senators encouraged the artists .	Did the senators encourage the artists ?	yes
The author knew that the senators stopped the managers .	Did the senators stop the managers ?	yes
The lawyer learned that the scientists ran .	Did the scientists run ?	yes
The lawyer knew that the athlete believed the professor .	Did the athlete believe the professor ?	yes
The author remembered that the secretaries slept .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	yes
The doctors forgot that the authors ran .	Did the authors run ?	yes
The senators learned that the professors contacted the judge .	Did the professors contact the judge ?	yes
The presidents knew that the judge supported the artists .	Did the judge support the artists ?	yes
The doctor learned that the tourists ran .	Did the tourists run ?	yes
The athlete learned that the tourist thanked the secretaries .	Did the tourist thank the secretaries ?	yes
The scientist learned that the president supported the tourists .	Did the president support the tourists ?	yes
The actors remembered that the authors believed the judge .	Did the authors believe the judge ?	yes
The athletes learned that the senators contacted the manager .	Did the senators contact the manager ?	yes
The managers remembered that the professors admired the judge .	Did the professors admire the judge ?	yes
The student knew that the artist slept .	Did the artist sleep ?	yes
The bankers knew that the doctors performed .	Did the doctors perform ?	yes
The athlete forgot that the banker admired the actor .	Did the banker admire the actor ?	yes
The lawyer remembered that the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	yes
The banker learned that the artist thanked the senators .	Did the artist thank the senators ?	yes
The president knew that the athletes encouraged the judges .	Did the athletes encourage the judges ?	yes
The athlete forgot that the doctor thanked the managers .	Did the doctor thank the managers ?	yes
The student forgot that the professor saw the manager .	Did the professor see the manager ?	yes
The scientists learned that the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	yes
The authors forgot that the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
The actors knew that the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	yes
The artist forgot that the students advised the lawyers .	Did the students advise the lawyers ?	yes
The tourists knew that the students believed the bankers .	Did the students believe the bankers ?	yes
The student remembered that the secretary saw the lawyers .	Did the secretary see the lawyers ?	yes
The authors learned that the senator ran .	Did the senator run ?	yes
The banker knew that the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	yes
The judges remembered that the tourist called the actors .	Did the tourist call the actors ?	yes
The doctors knew that the tourists admired the professors .	Did the tourists admire the professors ?	yes
The presidents forgot that the judge encouraged the actors .	Did the judge encourage the actors ?	yes
The artist learned that the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	yes
The secretaries knew that the professors encouraged the judges .	Did the professors encourage the judges ?	yes
The banker forgot that the athletes encouraged the author .	Did the athletes encourage the author ?	yes
The president knew that the manager mentioned the actor .	Did the manager mention the actor ?	yes
The banker remembered that the senators encouraged the lawyers .	Did the senators encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The students forgot that the banker saw the judge .	Did the banker see the judge ?	yes
The scientist forgot that the banker stopped the athlete .	Did the banker stop the athlete ?	yes
The professors knew that the manager recognized the bankers .	Did the manager recognize the bankers ?	yes
The professors remembered that the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	yes
The actors knew that the artists recognized the lawyers .	Did the artists recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The presidents forgot that the authors resigned .	Did the authors resign ?	yes
The actor learned that the presidents stopped the doctor .	Did the presidents stop the doctor ?	yes
The student forgot that the athlete helped the secretaries .	Did the athlete help the secretaries ?	yes
The managers remembered that the scientists mentioned the doctors .	Did the scientists mention the doctors ?	yes
The doctors learned that the tourist advised the professors .	Did the tourist advise the professors ?	yes
The tourists remembered that the scientists believed the judges .	Did the scientists believe the judges ?	yes
The senator forgot that the professors shouted .	Did the professors shout ?	yes
The artist remembered that the scientist introduced the actors .	Did the scientist introduce the actors ?	yes
The managers knew that the students ran .	Did the students run ?	yes
The secretaries forgot that the authors supported the tourist .	Did the authors support the tourist ?	yes
The doctors remembered that the athlete supported the scientist .	Did the athlete support the scientist ?	yes
The athlete learned that the professor arrived .	Did the professor arrive ?	yes
The students knew that the banker believed the tourists .	Did the banker believe the tourists ?	yes
The tourist remembered that the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	yes
The professors knew that the bankers recommended the tourists .	Did the bankers recommend the tourists ?	yes
The banker learned that the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	yes
The athletes knew that the actors encouraged the tourist .	Did the actors encourage the tourist ?	yes
The tourist forgot that the author arrived .	Did the author arrive ?	yes
The presidents remembered that the professor contacted the actors .	Did the professor contact the actors ?	yes
The actors remembered that the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
The judges remembered that the professor advised the actors .	Did the professor advise the actors ?	yes
The manager knew that the artists recognized the lawyers .	Did the artists recognize the lawyers ?	yes
The banker forgot that the senator recognized the doctor .	Did the senator recognize the doctor ?	yes
The manager forgot that the athletes believed the actors .	Did the athletes believe the actors ?	yes
The professor learned that the tourists stopped the authors .	Did the tourists stop the authors ?	yes
The manager learned that the lawyer arrived .	Did the lawyer arrive ?	yes
The senators knew that the professor helped the doctor .	Did the professor help the doctor ?	yes
The lawyer knew that the artist called the president .	Did the artist call the president ?	yes
The manager learned that the doctor advised the scientist .	Did the doctor advise the scientist ?	yes
The senator learned that the scientists recognized the judges .	Did the scientists recognize the judges ?	yes
The scientist knew that the senator performed .	Did the senator perform ?	yes
The banker forgot that the athletes ran .	Did the athletes run ?	yes
The artists knew that the author avoided the secretary .	Did the author avoid the secretary ?	yes
The doctor forgot that the judges avoided the students .	Did the judges avoid the students ?	yes
The scientists learned that the president ran .	Did the president run ?	yes
The actors remembered that the artists saw the president .	Did the artists see the president ?	yes
The managers remembered that the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	yes
The professors knew that the athletes mentioned the actor .	Did the athletes mention the actor ?	yes
The scientists knew that the professors admired the tourist .	Did the professors admire the tourist ?	yes
The lawyers remembered that the athlete helped the managers .	Did the athlete help the managers ?	yes
The banker learned that the secretaries mentioned the professor .	Did the secretaries mention the professor ?	yes
The secretary forgot that the president believed the actors .	Did the president believe the actors ?	yes
The student learned that the athletes helped the artists .	Did the athletes help the artists ?	yes
The student learned that the judge encouraged the athlete .	Did the judge encourage the athlete ?	yes
The tourist learned that the author recognized the actors .	Did the author recognize the actors ?	yes
The athlete remembered that the artist introduced the doctor .	Did the artist introduce the doctor ?	yes
The banker forgot that the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	yes
The senator knew that the doctors performed .	Did the doctors perform ?	yes
The athlete remembered that the author advised the doctors .	Did the author advise the doctors ?	yes
The judges remembered that the student encouraged the secretary .	Did the student encourage the secretary ?	yes
The students knew that the athlete recommended the authors .	Did the athlete recommend the authors ?	yes
The actor learned that the lawyer stopped the professors .	Did the lawyer stop the professors ?	yes
The athlete remembered that the actor advised the artists .	Did the actor advise the artists ?	yes
The presidents knew that the students avoided the artists .	Did the students avoid the artists ?	yes
The senator forgot that the lawyers advised the authors .	Did the lawyers advise the authors ?	yes
The artist forgot that the scientist stopped the author .	Did the scientist stop the author ?	yes
The athlete learned that the professor believed the scientist .	Did the professor believe the scientist ?	yes
The actors knew that the lawyer encouraged the banker .	Did the lawyer encourage the banker ?	yes
The tourists learned that the doctor advised the author .	Did the doctor advise the author ?	yes
The actor forgot that the judge helped the authors .	Did the judge help the authors ?	yes
The tourists learned that the lawyer encouraged the senators .	Did the lawyer encourage the senators ?	yes
The athlete forgot that the actor encouraged the president .	Did the actor encourage the president ?	yes
The doctor knew that the manager contacted the lawyer .	Did the manager contact the lawyer ?	yes
The tourists forgot that the athlete saw the authors .	Did the athlete see the authors ?	yes
The doctors remembered that the athlete admired the scientists .	Did the athlete admire the scientists ?	yes
The lawyers forgot that the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	yes
The senator forgot that the doctors recognized the scientists .	Did the doctors recognize the scientists ?	yes
The authors remembered that the senator contacted the doctor .	Did the senator contact the doctor ?	yes
The doctors remembered that the senators introduced the banker .	Did the senators introduce the banker ?	yes
The authors forgot that the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	yes
The actors forgot that the doctors stopped the bankers .	Did the doctors stop the bankers ?	yes
The banker knew that the professors thanked the actors .	Did the professors thank the actors ?	yes
The bankers remembered that the students admired the author .	Did the students admire the author ?	yes
The tourist remembered that the secretaries waited .	Did the secretaries wait ?	yes
The scientists forgot that the athlete recognized the author .	Did the athlete recognize the author ?	yes
The scientists forgot that the manager advised the secretary .	Did the manager advise the secretary ?	yes
The actor forgot that the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	yes
The senators knew that the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	yes
The student knew that the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	yes
The scientist learned that the judges contacted the secretary .	Did the judges contact the secretary ?	yes
The presidents knew that the tourist arrived .	Did the tourist arrive ?	yes
The athlete knew that the scientist admired the judge .	Did the scientist admire the judge ?	yes
The actor knew that the managers advised the doctors .	Did the managers advise the doctors ?	yes
The author remembered that the doctor slept .	Did the doctor sleep ?	yes
The actor learned that the manager saw the athlete .	Did the manager see the athlete ?	yes
The artists remembered that the athlete helped the secretary .	Did the athlete help the secretary ?	yes
The doctors forgot that the professors slept .	Did the professors sleep ?	yes
The professor forgot that the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	yes
The actor learned that the scientist saw the athlete .	Did the scientist see the athlete ?	yes
The professors knew that the judge performed .	Did the judge perform ?	yes
The presidents learned that the senator ran .	Did the senator run ?	yes
The artist knew that the senators resigned .	Did the senators resign ?	yes
The scientists forgot that the lawyers introduced the doctors .	Did the lawyers introduce the doctors ?	yes
The bankers remembered that the professor slept .	Did the professor sleep ?	yes
The artist knew that the senators believed the president .	Did the senators believe the president ?	yes
The judge remembered that the lawyers waited .	Did the lawyers wait ?	yes
The senators remembered that the judges thanked the secretary .	Did the judges thank the secretary ?	yes
The athletes remembered that the senator helped the authors .	Did the senator help the authors ?	yes
The manager remembered that the doctors saw the president .	Did the doctors see the president ?	yes
The author remembered that the students saw the actor .	Did the students see the actor ?	yes
The doctors knew that the lawyer helped the authors .	Did the lawyer help the authors ?	yes
The senators forgot that the presidents encouraged the secretary .	Did the presidents encourage the secretary ?	yes
The athlete knew that the lawyer saw the doctor .	Did the lawyer see the doctor ?	yes
The secretary knew that the presidents mentioned the actor .	Did the presidents mention the actor ?	yes
The artist forgot that the manager slept .	Did the manager sleep ?	yes
The managers learned that the author arrived .	Did the author arrive ?	yes
The president forgot that the professor avoided the secretary .	Did the professor avoid the secretary ?	yes
The author learned that the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	yes
The artists forgot that the lawyers mentioned the doctor .	Did the lawyers mention the doctor ?	yes
The secretary remembered that the doctors slept .	Did the doctors sleep ?	yes
The athletes knew that the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	yes
The senator forgot that the managers mentioned the presidents .	Did the managers mention the presidents ?	yes
The doctor knew that the students slept .	Did the students sleep ?	yes
The athlete learned that the senator avoided the scientists .	Did the senator avoid the scientists ?	yes
The senator learned that the actor ran .	Did the actor run ?	yes
The manager learned that the artist recommended the tourist .	Did the artist recommend the tourist ?	yes
The artists forgot that the scientists shouted .	Did the scientists shout ?	yes
The lawyer knew that the actors avoided the tourists .	Did the actors avoid the tourists ?	yes
The senator remembered that the lawyers danced .	Did the lawyers dance ?	yes
The athlete learned that the manager thanked the student .	Did the manager thank the student ?	yes
The professor forgot that the tourist shouted .	Did the tourist shout ?	yes
The judges remembered that the athlete recognized the artists .	Did the athlete recognize the artists ?	yes
The artists forgot that the athletes danced .	Did the athletes dance ?	yes
The artist remembered that the actor encouraged the authors .	Did the actor encourage the authors ?	yes
The bankers knew that the athlete introduced the students .	Did the athlete introduce the students ?	yes
The tourist learned that the athlete avoided the managers .	Did the athlete avoid the managers ?	yes
The president remembered that the professor waited .	Did the professor wait ?	yes
The judges learned that the athletes encouraged the artist .	Did the athletes encourage the artist ?	yes
The artists forgot that the athletes thanked the managers .	Did the athletes thank the managers ?	yes
The lawyer forgot that the senator avoided the tourist .	Did the senator avoid the tourist ?	yes
The secretary remembered that the professors encouraged the president .	Did the professors encourage the president ?	yes
The professor forgot that the student admired the artists .	Did the student admire the artists ?	yes
The professors learned that the student danced .	Did the student dance ?	yes
The president forgot that the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	yes
The student forgot that the professor ran .	Did the professor run ?	yes
The president remembered that the lawyers thanked the doctors .	Did the lawyers thank the doctors ?	yes
The students forgot that the senators danced .	Did the senators dance ?	yes
The lawyers remembered that the judge resigned .	Did the judge resign ?	yes
The doctor knew that the actor slept .	Did the actor sleep ?	yes
The tourists forgot that the athlete avoided the banker .	Did the athlete avoid the banker ?	yes
The secretaries knew that the banker avoided the lawyer .	Did the banker avoid the lawyer ?	yes
The artists knew that the banker mentioned the professors .	Did the banker mention the professors ?	yes
The senator remembered that the doctors advised the secretary .	Did the doctors advise the secretary ?	yes
The athletes knew that the actor shouted .	Did the actor shout ?	yes
The presidents forgot that the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	yes
The actors remembered that the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	yes
The athlete remembered that the presidents contacted the doctors .	Did the presidents contact the doctors ?	yes
The tourists knew that the managers saw the student .	Did the managers see the student ?	yes
The athlete knew that the artist arrived .	Did the artist arrive ?	yes
The lawyers forgot that the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	yes
The managers learned that the doctors contacted the lawyers .	Did the doctors contact the lawyers ?	yes
The scientist forgot that the athlete introduced the professor .	Did the athlete introduce the professor ?	yes
The doctor remembered that the students admired the senator .	Did the students admire the senator ?	yes
The author learned that the doctor slept .	Did the doctor sleep ?	yes
The judge knew that the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	yes
The athletes remembered that the students waited .	Did the students wait ?	yes
The artists knew that the bankers mentioned the author .	Did the bankers mention the author ?	yes
The professors forgot that the senator contacted the artist .	Did the senator contact the artist ?	yes
The president learned that the secretaries introduced the artists .	Did the secretaries introduce the artists ?	yes
The athletes knew that the artist stopped the president .	Did the artist stop the president ?	yes
The athlete knew that the secretaries contacted the scientists .	Did the secretaries contact the scientists ?	yes
The manager knew that the professor believed the scientists .	Did the professor believe the scientists ?	yes
The secretaries knew that the professors resigned .	Did the professors resign ?	yes
The artist knew that the secretaries danced .	Did the secretaries dance ?	yes
The managers learned that the presidents encouraged the student .	Did the presidents encourage the student ?	yes
The secretaries remembered that the lawyer ran .	Did the lawyer run ?	yes
The bankers forgot that the professors recognized the secretaries .	Did the professors recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The judges learned that the manager advised the bankers .	Did the manager advise the bankers ?	yes
The lawyers knew that the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	yes
The lawyers forgot that the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	yes
The actors knew that the secretary believed the professor .	Did the secretary believe the professor ?	yes
The students remembered that the artists thanked the scientists .	Did the artists thank the scientists ?	yes
The president forgot that the tourists helped the professor .	Did the tourists help the professor ?	yes
The artist learned that the lawyer slept .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	yes
The athletes forgot that the student admired the secretary .	Did the student admire the secretary ?	yes
The artists remembered that the managers ran .	Did the managers run ?	yes
The artists forgot that the banker danced .	Did the banker dance ?	yes
The professor remembered that the tourists resigned .	Did the tourists resign ?	yes
The secretaries learned that the presidents avoided the scientist .	Did the presidents avoid the scientist ?	yes
The tourists knew that the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	yes
The professors knew that the banker helped the students .	Did the banker help the students ?	yes
The athlete knew that the bankers stopped the lawyer .	Did the bankers stop the lawyer ?	yes
The doctor forgot that the presidents ran .	Did the presidents run ?	yes
The scientist forgot that the managers believed the doctor .	Did the managers believe the doctor ?	yes
The actor knew that the artist shouted .	Did the artist shout ?	yes
The authors remembered that the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
The senator forgot that the manager contacted the president .	Did the manager contact the president ?	yes
The secretaries knew that the athletes avoided the bankers .	Did the athletes avoid the bankers ?	yes
The tourists knew that the senators called the athlete .	Did the senators call the athlete ?	yes
The secretaries knew that the scientists supported the students .	Did the scientists support the students ?	yes
The lawyer knew that the judges avoided the scientist .	Did the judges avoid the scientist ?	yes
The tourists forgot that the judges called the actors .	Did the judges call the actors ?	yes
The scientists forgot that the students called the lawyers .	Did the students call the lawyers ?	yes
The senator forgot that the secretary danced .	Did the secretary dance ?	yes
The tourist remembered that the judges avoided the students .	Did the judges avoid the students ?	yes
The actors knew that the students recommended the secretary .	Did the students recommend the secretary ?	yes
The student learned that the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	yes
The managers knew that the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	yes
The doctors learned that the presidents avoided the tourists .	Did the presidents avoid the tourists ?	yes
The artist remembered that the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	yes
The tourist forgot that the student avoided the lawyers .	Did the student avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The author forgot that the lawyer supported the professor .	Did the lawyer support the professor ?	yes
The judges remembered that the students saw the senator .	Did the students see the senator ?	yes
The presidents learned that the tourist recognized the student .	Did the tourist recognize the student ?	yes
The doctor knew that the lawyer introduced the athlete .	Did the lawyer introduce the athlete ?	yes
The athlete knew that the lawyer helped the artist .	Did the lawyer help the artist ?	yes
The judges knew that the authors performed .	Did the authors perform ?	yes
The managers knew that the secretaries avoided the professors .	Did the secretaries avoid the professors ?	yes
The artist learned that the lawyer recommended the manager .	Did the lawyer recommend the manager ?	yes
The artists remembered that the manager advised the secretary .	Did the manager advise the secretary ?	yes
The athletes forgot that the professors thanked the doctors .	Did the professors thank the doctors ?	yes
The athlete learned that the senators believed the scientists .	Did the senators believe the scientists ?	yes
The judge remembered that the athletes saw the bankers .	Did the athletes see the bankers ?	yes
The artists knew that the doctors contacted the actor .	Did the doctors contact the actor ?	yes
The banker learned that the doctors avoided the president .	Did the doctors avoid the president ?	yes
The judges learned that the doctors called the athlete .	Did the doctors call the athlete ?	yes
The scientists knew that the authors thanked the judge .	Did the authors thank the judge ?	yes
The students forgot that the scientists called the managers .	Did the scientists call the managers ?	yes
The judge learned that the secretaries performed .	Did the secretaries perform ?	yes
The secretaries forgot that the student encouraged the scientist .	Did the student encourage the scientist ?	yes
The secretary remembered that the artists advised the professor .	Did the artists advise the professor ?	yes
The senator remembered that the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	yes
The judge knew that the lawyers arrived .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
The tourist remembered that the student danced .	Did the student dance ?	yes
The managers forgot that the president recognized the athlete .	Did the president recognize the athlete ?	yes
The scientists knew that the tourist avoided the bankers .	Did the tourist avoid the bankers ?	yes
The professor learned that the student admired the doctor .	Did the student admire the doctor ?	yes
The managers learned that the artists admired the author .	Did the artists admire the author ?	yes
The lawyers remembered that the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	yes
The judges forgot that the senators called the tourists .	Did the senators call the tourists ?	yes
The senator remembered that the banker avoided the lawyer .	Did the banker avoid the lawyer ?	yes
The doctors knew that the tourists admired the senators .	Did the tourists admire the senators ?	yes
The tourists remembered that the athlete waited .	Did the athlete wait ?	yes
The artists forgot that the banker recognized the actor .	Did the banker recognize the actor ?	yes
The secretaries forgot that the actors arrived .	Did the actors arrive ?	yes
The senators knew that the lawyer slept .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	yes
The professor knew that the secretaries stopped the presidents .	Did the secretaries stop the presidents ?	yes
The professors knew that the scientists mentioned the student .	Did the scientists mention the student ?	yes
The judge remembered that the professors believed the scientist .	Did the professors believe the scientist ?	yes
The scientist knew that the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	yes
The president knew that the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	yes
The lawyers remembered that the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	yes
The secretary learned that the scientist called the artists .	Did the scientist call the artists ?	yes
The doctors forgot that the artists arrived .	Did the artists arrive ?	yes
The authors learned that the actors believed the athlete .	Did the actors believe the athlete ?	yes
The actor forgot that the presidents helped the manager .	Did the presidents help the manager ?	yes
The president forgot that the banker contacted the secretary .	Did the banker contact the secretary ?	yes
The scientists remembered that the banker ran .	Did the banker run ?	yes
The president knew that the secretary arrived .	Did the secretary arrive ?	yes
The scientists remembered that the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	yes
The senators remembered that the president encouraged the banker .	Did the president encourage the banker ?	yes
The students remembered that the manager thanked the judges .	Did the manager thank the judges ?	yes
The secretary forgot that the lawyers helped the banker .	Did the lawyers help the banker ?	yes
The doctor learned that the scientists recommended the lawyers .	Did the scientists recommend the lawyers ?	yes
The banker remembered that the secretary saw the doctor .	Did the secretary see the doctor ?	yes
The doctor knew that the professor ran .	Did the professor run ?	yes
The doctors remembered that the professors admired the actor .	Did the professors admire the actor ?	yes
The judge learned that the artist contacted the senator .	Did the artist contact the senator ?	yes
The secretary knew that the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	yes
The athletes learned that the actors supported the professor .	Did the actors support the professor ?	yes
The artist remembered that the athlete recognized the student .	Did the athlete recognize the student ?	yes
The professors remembered that the tourist contacted the senator .	Did the tourist contact the senator ?	yes
The doctor knew that the bankers stopped the lawyer .	Did the bankers stop the lawyer ?	yes
The judge forgot that the student admired the artists .	Did the student admire the artists ?	yes
The judges knew that the athletes recommended the president .	Did the athletes recommend the president ?	yes
The senators knew that the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	yes
The lawyers learned that the managers ran .	Did the managers run ?	yes
The professors remembered that the artist helped the managers .	Did the artist help the managers ?	yes
The professors remembered that the actors resigned .	Did the actors resign ?	yes
The senator knew that the scientists contacted the managers .	Did the scientists contact the managers ?	yes
The banker forgot that the judge advised the professors .	Did the judge advise the professors ?	yes
The doctor remembered that the banker resigned .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
The bankers learned that the presidents thanked the professor .	Did the presidents thank the professor ?	yes
The authors learned that the presidents thanked the secretary .	Did the presidents thank the secretary ?	yes
The actors knew that the scientist admired the author .	Did the scientist admire the author ?	yes
The doctor forgot that the managers resigned .	Did the managers resign ?	yes
The athletes forgot that the artist encouraged the scientists .	Did the artist encourage the scientists ?	yes
The actors learned that the tourists shouted .	Did the tourists shout ?	yes
The tourists remembered that the actors believed the scientists .	Did the actors believe the scientists ?	yes
The president forgot that the senators recognized the actors .	Did the senators recognize the actors ?	yes
The tourists forgot that the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
The banker remembered that the artists recommended the tourist .	Did the artists recommend the tourist ?	yes
The president knew that the doctor called the senators .	Did the doctor call the senators ?	yes
The lawyers forgot that the professors danced .	Did the professors dance ?	yes
The banker forgot that the president recommended the scientist .	Did the president recommend the scientist ?	yes
The secretary forgot that the authors advised the scientist .	Did the authors advise the scientist ?	yes
The lawyers learned that the tourist mentioned the doctor .	Did the tourist mention the doctor ?	yes
The athletes forgot that the doctors recognized the artists .	Did the doctors recognize the artists ?	yes
The president remembered that the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	yes
The professors forgot that the artist encouraged the president .	Did the artist encourage the president ?	yes
The author learned that the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	yes
The artists forgot that the author mentioned the manager .	Did the author mention the manager ?	yes
The actor remembered that the judge resigned .	Did the judge resign ?	yes
The scientists learned that the student supported the manager .	Did the student support the manager ?	yes
The actor forgot that the authors recommended the artists .	Did the authors recommend the artists ?	yes
The scientist forgot that the lawyer believed the bankers .	Did the lawyer believe the bankers ?	yes
The bankers remembered that the author recognized the students .	Did the author recognize the students ?	yes
The scientist remembered that the bankers danced .	Did the bankers dance ?	yes
The athlete forgot that the scientists encouraged the artists .	Did the scientists encourage the artists ?	yes
The bankers learned that the athletes recognized the authors .	Did the athletes recognize the authors ?	yes
The tourist learned that the actor encouraged the students .	Did the actor encourage the students ?	yes
The scientist remembered that the actors arrived .	Did the actors arrive ?	yes
The students remembered that the manager thanked the banker .	Did the manager thank the banker ?	yes
The professor remembered that the president shouted .	Did the president shout ?	yes
The scientists learned that the actor called the managers .	Did the actor call the managers ?	yes
The athletes forgot that the authors supported the student .	Did the authors support the student ?	yes
The authors remembered that the athletes thanked the professor .	Did the athletes thank the professor ?	yes
The artists knew that the student stopped the bankers .	Did the student stop the bankers ?	yes
The lawyers learned that the actors mentioned the presidents .	Did the actors mention the presidents ?	yes
The senator forgot that the president shouted .	Did the president shout ?	yes
The tourists learned that the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	yes
The president forgot that the senators shouted .	Did the senators shout ?	yes
The doctor remembered that the tourists admired the judge .	Did the tourists admire the judge ?	yes
The tourist knew that the doctor encouraged the authors .	Did the doctor encourage the authors ?	yes
The secretaries forgot that the doctors recommended the judges .	Did the doctors recommend the judges ?	yes
The artists remembered that the banker saw the lawyers .	Did the banker see the lawyers ?	yes
The secretary remembered that the tourist shouted .	Did the tourist shout ?	yes
The banker knew that the professor believed the tourist .	Did the professor believe the tourist ?	yes
The tourists knew that the judge called the artist .	Did the judge call the artist ?	yes
The president remembered that the doctor thanked the judges .	Did the doctor thank the judges ?	yes
The senator forgot that the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	yes
The artists remembered that the tourists encouraged the lawyers .	Did the tourists encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The bankers remembered that the secretary believed the judge .	Did the secretary believe the judge ?	yes
The athletes forgot that the bankers called the lawyer .	Did the bankers call the lawyer ?	yes
The judges learned that the actors saw the senator .	Did the actors see the senator ?	yes
The banker knew that the presidents recommended the secretary .	Did the presidents recommend the secretary ?	yes
The president knew that the athlete ran .	Did the athlete run ?	yes
The manager learned that the president resigned .	Did the president resign ?	yes
The professors remembered that the secretaries performed .	Did the secretaries perform ?	yes
The president remembered that the doctor encouraged the students .	Did the doctor encourage the students ?	yes
The tourists remembered that the scientist waited .	Did the scientist wait ?	yes
The athletes remembered that the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	yes
The managers remembered that the doctors introduced the scientists .	Did the doctors introduce the scientists ?	yes
The lawyers forgot that the students thanked the tourists .	Did the students thank the tourists ?	yes
The secretary learned that the doctor stopped the tourists .	Did the doctor stop the tourists ?	yes
The secretaries forgot that the managers supported the authors .	Did the managers support the authors ?	yes
The secretaries remembered that the lawyers resigned .	Did the lawyers resign ?	yes
The professors forgot that the managers introduced the banker .	Did the managers introduce the banker ?	yes
The athlete forgot that the tourist recommended the artist .	Did the tourist recommend the artist ?	yes
The senators remembered that the lawyer introduced the student .	Did the lawyer introduce the student ?	yes
The artist remembered that the presidents believed the tourist .	Did the presidents believe the tourist ?	yes
The scientist remembered that the judges encouraged the artists .	Did the judges encourage the artists ?	yes
The tourists knew that the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	yes
The athlete forgot that the actor mentioned the judge .	Did the actor mention the judge ?	yes
The senator remembered that the managers stopped the president .	Did the managers stop the president ?	yes
The professor forgot that the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
The scientist learned that the professor avoided the athletes .	Did the professor avoid the athletes ?	yes
The athletes knew that the students called the manager .	Did the students call the manager ?	yes
The judges remembered that the scientist mentioned the lawyer .	Did the scientist mention the lawyer ?	yes
The doctors knew that the athletes contacted the student .	Did the athletes contact the student ?	yes
The judge forgot that the authors advised the professors .	Did the authors advise the professors ?	yes
The athletes remembered that the scientists recommended the tourist .	Did the scientists recommend the tourist ?	yes
The professors knew that the banker thanked the artist .	Did the banker thank the artist ?	yes
The doctor knew that the senator thanked the presidents .	Did the senator thank the presidents ?	yes
The bankers forgot that the scientists avoided the athlete .	Did the scientists avoid the athlete ?	yes
The artists remembered that the lawyers danced .	Did the lawyers dance ?	yes
The president knew that the secretaries slept .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	yes
The judges forgot that the lawyer introduced the artists .	Did the lawyer introduce the artists ?	yes
The author learned that the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	yes
The managers knew that the banker admired the actor .	Did the banker admire the actor ?	yes
The lawyers remembered that the actors avoided the students .	Did the actors avoid the students ?	yes
The artist knew that the lawyers danced .	Did the lawyers dance ?	yes
The professor remembered that the manager performed .	Did the manager perform ?	yes
The lawyer forgot that the professor thanked the bankers .	Did the professor thank the bankers ?	yes
The artists learned that the lawyers helped the tourists .	Did the lawyers help the tourists ?	yes
The secretaries remembered that the tourist saw the professors .	Did the tourist see the professors ?	yes
The scientists forgot that the students helped the president .	Did the students help the president ?	yes
The doctor remembered that the scientist encouraged the secretaries .	Did the scientist encourage the secretaries ?	yes
The manager remembered that the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	yes
The tourist knew that the actor contacted the presidents .	Did the actor contact the presidents ?	yes
The authors forgot that the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	yes
The tourists remembered that the athlete called the senator .	Did the athlete call the senator ?	yes
The manager learned that the presidents stopped the secretaries .	Did the presidents stop the secretaries ?	yes
The actor forgot that the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	yes
The students forgot that the banker saw the secretaries .	Did the banker see the secretaries ?	yes
The doctor knew that the lawyer supported the scientist .	Did the lawyer support the scientist ?	yes
The senators learned that the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	yes
The students forgot that the lawyer shouted .	Did the lawyer shout ?	yes
The actor forgot that the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	yes
The athletes forgot that the students introduced the actor .	Did the students introduce the actor ?	yes
The lawyers learned that the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	yes
The artists learned that the doctors ran .	Did the doctors run ?	yes
The artist remembered that the author stopped the presidents .	Did the author stop the presidents ?	yes
The athlete knew that the lawyer recognized the authors .	Did the lawyer recognize the authors ?	yes
The professor learned that the lawyer recognized the athletes .	Did the lawyer recognize the athletes ?	yes
The managers forgot that the professors encouraged the athletes .	Did the professors encourage the athletes ?	yes
The manager knew that the lawyers stopped the artist .	Did the lawyers stop the artist ?	yes
The scientist learned that the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	yes
The doctor remembered that the artist helped the professors .	Did the artist help the professors ?	yes
The manager remembered that the senator encouraged the athlete .	Did the senator encourage the athlete ?	yes
The professor knew that the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	yes
The tourists learned that the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	yes
The student knew that the lawyer slept .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	yes
The doctors forgot that the president helped the secretaries .	Did the president help the secretaries ?	yes
The presidents forgot that the professors arrived .	Did the professors arrive ?	yes
The managers learned that the doctor called the presidents .	Did the doctor call the presidents ?	yes
The doctors forgot that the athlete contacted the manager .	Did the athlete contact the manager ?	yes
The artists remembered that the students avoided the scientists .	Did the students avoid the scientists ?	yes
The president knew that the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	yes
The actors remembered that the artist encouraged the professor .	Did the artist encourage the professor ?	yes
The author forgot that the judge encouraged the artists .	Did the judge encourage the artists ?	yes
The judge forgot that the professors thanked the banker .	Did the professors thank the banker ?	yes
The tourists remembered that the scientists admired the senators .	Did the scientists admire the senators ?	yes
The actors learned that the president recommended the doctors .	Did the president recommend the doctors ?	yes
The scientist learned that the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	yes
The student knew that the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	yes
The doctor remembered that the student arrived .	Did the student arrive ?	yes
The presidents knew that the judges admired the managers .	Did the judges admire the managers ?	yes
The scientist knew that the manager avoided the tourist .	Did the manager avoid the tourist ?	yes
The senator saw the authors , and the tourists introduced the presidents .	Did the tourists introduce the presidents ?	yes
The students contacted the senators , and the bankers arrived .	Did the students contact the senators ?	yes
The secretary performed , and the president danced .	Did the secretary perform ?	yes
The judges shouted , and the scientists recognized the lawyer .	Did the scientists recognize the lawyer ?	yes
The students ran , and the authors mentioned the scientists .	Did the authors mention the scientists ?	yes
The artist believed the secretaries , and the manager recognized the presidents .	Did the manager recognize the presidents ?	yes
The student shouted , and the tourists admired the professors .	Did the student shout ?	yes
The secretary believed the student , and the tourists thanked the authors .	Did the secretary believe the student ?	yes
The senators called the scientists , and the managers resigned .	Did the senators call the scientists ?	yes
The professors introduced the artist , and the scientists arrived .	Did the professors introduce the artist ?	yes
The actors supported the managers , and the artist avoided the presidents .	Did the artist avoid the presidents ?	yes
The president performed , and the students saw the professor .	Did the president perform ?	yes
The lawyer danced , and the judge supported the doctors .	Did the judge support the doctors ?	yes
The scientist arrived , and the artists waited .	Did the scientist arrive ?	yes
The secretary stopped the manager , and the scientist slept .	Did the scientist sleep ?	yes
The actors introduced the managers , and the lawyer avoided the scientists .	Did the actors introduce the managers ?	yes
The actors encouraged the bankers , and the student resigned .	Did the student resign ?	yes
The scientist called the professors , and the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	yes
The presidents stopped the students , and the artist shouted .	Did the artist shout ?	yes
The banker contacted the senators , and the student waited .	Did the student wait ?	yes
The tourists recognized the judges , and the actors mentioned the professors .	Did the actors mention the professors ?	yes
The students recognized the actor , and the senators saw the doctors .	Did the students recognize the actor ?	yes
The manager avoided the authors , and the judges saw the professors .	Did the judges see the professors ?	yes
The students called the secretaries , and the scientist recommended the judges .	Did the students call the secretaries ?	yes
The bankers shouted , and the doctor thanked the scientist .	Did the doctor thank the scientist ?	yes
The authors encouraged the professors , and the artist arrived .	Did the authors encourage the professors ?	yes
The presidents waited , and the authors avoided the secretary .	Did the presidents wait ?	yes
The lawyers encouraged the judge , and the professor recognized the tourists .	Did the professor recognize the tourists ?	yes
The scientist stopped the bankers , and the student avoided the professor .	Did the scientist stop the bankers ?	yes
The athletes called the judges , and the tourist admired the bankers .	Did the athletes call the judges ?	yes
The doctor mentioned the tourists , and the actors advised the bankers .	Did the actors advise the bankers ?	yes
The managers avoided the athlete , and the professors recognized the artist .	Did the managers avoid the athlete ?	yes
The scientist waited , and the athlete saw the secretary .	Did the scientist wait ?	yes
The athletes recognized the secretaries , and the student recommended the tourists .	Did the athletes recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The tourists mentioned the artist , and the banker slept .	Did the tourists mention the artist ?	yes
The actor supported the managers , and the senator saw the secretaries .	Did the senator see the secretaries ?	yes
The doctor admired the student , and the professors advised the manager .	Did the professors advise the manager ?	yes
The athletes resigned , and the students helped the doctor .	Did the athletes resign ?	yes
The athlete waited , and the author supported the actors .	Did the athlete wait ?	yes
The presidents contacted the tourist , and the professor mentioned the students .	Did the presidents contact the tourist ?	yes
The artists arrived , and the professor called the doctors .	Did the artists arrive ?	yes
The lawyer encouraged the doctors , and the judge stopped the professors .	Did the lawyer encourage the doctors ?	yes
The doctors avoided the actors , and the bankers saw the lawyers .	Did the bankers see the lawyers ?	yes
The actor admired the artists , and the lawyer advised the presidents .	Did the actor admire the artists ?	yes
The secretary believed the athletes , and the president resigned .	Did the secretary believe the athletes ?	yes
The tourist supported the senators , and the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	yes
The lawyer danced , and the judges believed the scientist .	Did the judges believe the scientist ?	yes
The professors supported the tourist , and the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	yes
The artist slept , and the banker called the scientist .	Did the artist sleep ?	yes
The professors performed , and the artist called the secretaries .	Did the professors perform ?	yes
The student resigned , and the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
The secretaries danced , and the actor admired the student .	Did the secretaries dance ?	yes
The presidents recommended the actors , and the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	yes
The artists mentioned the president , and the managers danced .	Did the managers dance ?	yes
The managers shouted , and the student saw the senators .	Did the student see the senators ?	yes
The author avoided the president , and the manager encouraged the actor .	Did the author avoid the president ?	yes
The manager avoided the judges , and the students mentioned the scientists .	Did the students mention the scientists ?	yes
The senator called the athletes , and the scientist mentioned the president .	Did the senator call the athletes ?	yes
The doctor mentioned the tourists , and the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	yes
The bankers arrived , and the lawyers performed .	Did the bankers arrive ?	yes
The lawyer recognized the banker , and the president helped the secretary .	Did the president help the secretary ?	yes
The banker performed , and the actors saw the presidents .	Did the actors see the presidents ?	yes
The actors avoided the athletes , and the author supported the managers .	Did the author support the managers ?	yes
The professor saw the banker , and the judges shouted .	Did the judges shout ?	yes
The artist stopped the manager , and the doctors believed the lawyers .	Did the doctors believe the lawyers ?	yes
The president slept , and the athletes called the actor .	Did the president sleep ?	yes
The students encouraged the secretaries , and the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	yes
The actor called the tourists , and the artist resigned .	Did the actor call the tourists ?	yes
The bankers danced , and the judge advised the actors .	Did the bankers dance ?	yes
The lawyers stopped the senators , and the professors helped the banker .	Did the lawyers stop the senators ?	yes
The scientists resigned , and the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	yes
The secretaries shouted , and the lawyers saw the professor .	Did the secretaries shout ?	yes
The judge waited , and the actors ran .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
The actors called the banker , and the senator admired the artist .	Did the senator admire the artist ?	yes
The managers danced , and the banker waited .	Did the banker wait ?	yes
The actor slept , and the doctor supported the students .	Did the doctor support the students ?	yes
The doctor slept , and the judge danced .	Did the doctor sleep ?	yes
The doctors introduced the banker , and the actors called the managers .	Did the doctors introduce the banker ?	yes
The senator arrived , and the scientist resigned .	Did the senator arrive ?	yes
The lawyers advised the tourists , and the author mentioned the presidents .	Did the author mention the presidents ?	yes
The tourist advised the lawyer , and the athlete danced .	Did the tourist advise the lawyer ?	yes
The professor ran , and the managers avoided the artists .	Did the professor run ?	yes
The artists avoided the judges , and the athlete slept .	Did the artists avoid the judges ?	yes
The professors slept , and the senator contacted the artists .	Did the senator contact the artists ?	yes
The president resigned , and the actor recognized the lawyers .	Did the president resign ?	yes
The lawyers advised the managers , and the secretaries believed the scientist .	Did the lawyers advise the managers ?	yes
The lawyer recommended the senator , and the president advised the students .	Did the lawyer recommend the senator ?	yes
The scientist performed , and the president advised the judges .	Did the scientist perform ?	yes
The banker thanked the senators , and the scientists mentioned the judges .	Did the scientists mention the judges ?	yes
The senator recommended the students , and the secretary advised the manager .	Did the senator recommend the students ?	yes
The author recognized the secretary , and the manager recommended the judge .	Did the manager recommend the judge ?	yes
The judge resigned , and the professors recognized the managers .	Did the professors recognize the managers ?	yes
The professors stopped the secretary , and the doctors thanked the judge .	Did the doctors thank the judge ?	yes
The artists thanked the athletes , and the judge helped the secretary .	Did the artists thank the athletes ?	yes
The actor recognized the banker , and the senators mentioned the artist .	Did the actor recognize the banker ?	yes
The tourist helped the lawyers , and the professors mentioned the judges .	Did the tourist help the lawyers ?	yes
The bankers performed , and the president encouraged the actors .	Did the bankers perform ?	yes
The secretaries recommended the managers , and the president believed the professors .	Did the president believe the professors ?	yes
The judge thanked the artists , and the athletes resigned .	Did the judge thank the artists ?	yes
The judge introduced the doctor , and the senators danced .	Did the judge introduce the doctor ?	yes
The bankers believed the presidents , and the judge recognized the artist .	Did the bankers believe the presidents ?	yes
The secretary performed , and the student supported the scientists .	Did the student support the scientists ?	yes
The scientists admired the student , and the lawyers called the professors .	Did the lawyers call the professors ?	yes
The secretaries shouted , and the lawyer ran .	Did the lawyer run ?	yes
The actors danced , and the tourists advised the lawyers .	Did the actors dance ?	yes
The author danced , and the bankers avoided the judges .	Did the author dance ?	yes
The manager thanked the bankers , and the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	yes
The doctor contacted the managers , and the scientist believed the actors .	Did the scientist believe the actors ?	yes
The doctors believed the judges , and the athlete recommended the secretaries .	Did the athlete recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The scientist contacted the manager , and the judge supported the doctor .	Did the scientist contact the manager ?	yes
The senator waited , and the judges thanked the tourist .	Did the senator wait ?	yes
The presidents shouted , and the judges recognized the scientists .	Did the judges recognize the scientists ?	yes
The doctor thanked the president , and the athletes shouted .	Did the doctor thank the president ?	yes
The student supported the artists , and the professor arrived .	Did the student support the artists ?	yes
The managers recognized the presidents , and the actor encouraged the lawyers .	Did the managers recognize the presidents ?	yes
The secretary believed the scientist , and the lawyer thanked the actor .	Did the secretary believe the scientist ?	yes
The actor called the professor , and the artists slept .	Did the artists sleep ?	yes
The lawyer believed the artist , and the secretaries advised the doctor .	Did the secretaries advise the doctor ?	yes
The professor slept , and the banker advised the author .	Did the professor sleep ?	yes
The judges advised the students , and the secretaries shouted .	Did the judges advise the students ?	yes
The manager danced , and the artist believed the tourists .	Did the artist believe the tourists ?	yes
The senators admired the tourist , and the athletes stopped the actors .	Did the senators admire the tourist ?	yes
The tourists saw the presidents , and the banker helped the scientists .	Did the banker help the scientists ?	yes
The president avoided the secretaries , and the judge recognized the authors .	Did the president avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The scientist encouraged the actor , and the authors introduced the managers .	Did the scientist encourage the actor ?	yes
The lawyers ran , and the students helped the professors .	Did the students help the professors ?	yes
The judges arrived , and the artists stopped the doctors .	Did the judges arrive ?	yes
The president waited , and the students stopped the judges .	Did the students stop the judges ?	yes
The doctor arrived , and the professor introduced the lawyer .	Did the professor introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The scientists saw the managers , and the banker danced .	Did the scientists see the managers ?	yes
The tourist admired the managers , and the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	yes
The doctor slept , and the author introduced the senator .	Did the doctor sleep ?	yes
The doctors called the student , and the scientist waited .	Did the doctors call the student ?	yes
The banker waited , and the lawyer saw the student .	Did the banker wait ?	yes
The professors encouraged the actors , and the tourist recognized the authors .	Did the tourist recognize the authors ?	yes
The scientists danced , and the lawyers mentioned the managers .	Did the scientists dance ?	yes
The president ran , and the tourists helped the lawyer .	Did the president run ?	yes
The athletes thanked the senator , and the manager saw the tourist .	Did the athletes thank the senator ?	yes
The professor danced , and the artists resigned .	Did the professor dance ?	yes
The secretaries slept , and the judges helped the president .	Did the judges help the president ?	yes
The students performed , and the professor called the judges .	Did the professor call the judges ?	yes
The athletes shouted , and the lawyer danced .	Did the athletes shout ?	yes
The presidents mentioned the artists , and the banker ran .	Did the banker run ?	yes
The artists advised the senators , and the tourists introduced the lawyers .	Did the tourists introduce the lawyers ?	yes
The athlete stopped the artists , and the banker admired the lawyer .	Did the athlete stop the artists ?	yes
The authors advised the tourist , and the artist waited .	Did the artist wait ?	yes
The secretaries advised the senators , and the bankers saw the artists .	Did the secretaries advise the senators ?	yes
The secretaries recommended the tourists , and the professors encouraged the lawyer .	Did the professors encourage the lawyer ?	yes
The bankers waited , and the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	yes
The presidents stopped the banker , and the lawyer believed the doctor .	Did the presidents stop the banker ?	yes
The professor saw the actors , and the senators believed the presidents .	Did the senators believe the presidents ?	yes
The lawyer called the doctor , and the actors ran .	Did the actors run ?	yes
The tourist resigned , and the actors admired the senators .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
The authors admired the professor , and the presidents recommended the tourist .	Did the authors admire the professor ?	yes
The secretaries introduced the student , and the bankers ran .	Did the bankers run ?	yes
The senator admired the judges , and the presidents saw the bankers .	Did the senator admire the judges ?	yes
The lawyer arrived , and the managers encouraged the students .	Did the managers encourage the students ?	yes
The senator encouraged the athletes , and the banker recognized the students .	Did the banker recognize the students ?	yes
The scientist danced , and the tourist helped the author .	Did the scientist dance ?	yes
The scientists waited , and the tourist encouraged the manager .	Did the tourist encourage the manager ?	yes
The banker saw the authors , and the tourist advised the secretaries .	Did the banker see the authors ?	yes
The scientist waited , and the banker danced .	Did the banker dance ?	yes
The scientists resigned , and the judge recognized the senators .	Did the judge recognize the senators ?	yes
The students helped the secretary , and the doctor thanked the judge .	Did the doctor thank the judge ?	yes
The scientists slept , and the senators advised the tourist .	Did the senators advise the tourist ?	yes
The bankers helped the athletes , and the senators encouraged the lawyers .	Did the senators encourage the lawyers ?	yes
The professors danced , and the athlete called the student .	Did the professors dance ?	yes
The artist supported the tourists , and the senator recognized the doctors .	Did the senator recognize the doctors ?	yes
The banker introduced the artist , and the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	yes
The banker avoided the lawyer , and the authors resigned .	Did the authors resign ?	yes
The bankers introduced the lawyer , and the secretaries arrived .	Did the bankers introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The judge introduced the scientist , and the actor believed the senator .	Did the judge introduce the scientist ?	yes
The professors stopped the president , and the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	yes
The president resigned , and the actors saw the senators .	Did the president resign ?	yes
The tourist saw the lawyer , and the actors introduced the senator .	Did the tourist see the lawyer ?	yes
The athletes shouted , and the managers recognized the secretaries .	Did the athletes shout ?	yes
The banker resigned , and the secretaries danced .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
The professor slept , and the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	yes
The secretaries recommended the senators , and the actors ran .	Did the secretaries recommend the senators ?	yes
The manager contacted the doctor , and the presidents helped the scientist .	Did the manager contact the doctor ?	yes
The lawyer helped the tourist , and the manager recognized the professor .	Did the manager recognize the professor ?	yes
The professors helped the authors , and the tourist mentioned the doctor .	Did the professors help the authors ?	yes
The professors advised the lawyer , and the students arrived .	Did the professors advise the lawyer ?	yes
The tourist believed the secretary , and the athlete thanked the doctor .	Did the athlete thank the doctor ?	yes
The senator shouted , and the bankers supported the professor .	Did the senator shout ?	yes
The athlete encouraged the scientist , and the secretaries arrived .	Did the secretaries arrive ?	yes
The president arrived , and the managers helped the students .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
The actors thanked the professor , and the scientists recognized the author .	Did the actors thank the professor ?	yes
The artists avoided the doctors , and the professor helped the senator .	Did the professor help the senator ?	yes
The lawyer shouted , and the bankers mentioned the managers .	Did the lawyer shout ?	yes
The doctors waited , and the students believed the scientist .	Did the doctors wait ?	yes
The athletes advised the judge , and the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	yes
The athlete ran , and the president recommended the actor .	Did the athlete run ?	yes
The lawyers admired the president , and the author helped the professor .	Did the lawyers admire the president ?	yes
The artist resigned , and the students encouraged the senators .	Did the artist resign ?	yes
The secretaries encouraged the actor , and the manager arrived .	Did the secretaries encourage the actor ?	yes
The student ran , and the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
The student shouted , and the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	yes
The professors danced , and the athlete advised the managers .	Did the professors dance ?	yes
The artists believed the presidents , and the senators arrived .	Did the senators arrive ?	yes
The actor contacted the presidents , and the athletes recognized the students .	Did the athletes recognize the students ?	yes
The doctors stopped the student , and the bankers introduced the professor .	Did the doctors stop the student ?	yes
The senators performed , and the secretaries recommended the presidents .	Did the senators perform ?	yes
The lawyers arrived , and the artist called the judges .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
The author recognized the professors , and the students encouraged the president .	Did the author recognize the professors ?	yes
The authors waited , and the doctor recognized the artist .	Did the doctor recognize the artist ?	yes
The lawyers ran , and the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	yes
The athlete danced , and the presidents admired the tourist .	Did the presidents admire the tourist ?	yes
The professor performed , and the authors introduced the scientists .	Did the authors introduce the scientists ?	yes
The author danced , and the athlete arrived .	Did the athlete arrive ?	yes
The lawyer introduced the banker , and the athlete supported the artist .	Did the athlete support the artist ?	yes
The manager recognized the doctors , and the student danced .	Did the manager recognize the doctors ?	yes
The secretary avoided the senators , and the students helped the managers .	Did the students help the managers ?	yes
The scientist admired the professors , and the managers recommended the judge .	Did the managers recommend the judge ?	yes
The secretaries recommended the lawyer , and the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	yes
The judge stopped the scientist , and the president waited .	Did the president wait ?	yes
The artists believed the lawyer , and the tourists recommended the actors .	Did the artists believe the lawyer ?	yes
The student recommended the senator , and the authors performed .	Did the authors perform ?	yes
The professor thanked the judges , and the secretaries stopped the tourist .	Did the professor thank the judges ?	yes
The actor resigned , and the athletes slept .	Did the actor resign ?	yes
The scientist introduced the athletes , and the senator shouted .	Did the scientist introduce the athletes ?	yes
The doctor helped the authors , and the judge recognized the managers .	Did the doctor help the authors ?	yes
The artist thanked the managers , and the lawyer danced .	Did the artist thank the managers ?	yes
The scientist introduced the senators , and the actors mentioned the lawyers .	Did the actors mention the lawyers ?	yes
The judge recommended the actors , and the president waited .	Did the president wait ?	yes
The professor called the judges , and the artists shouted .	Did the artists shout ?	yes
The judges helped the author , and the tourist avoided the lawyers .	Did the tourist avoid the lawyers ?	yes
The president slept , and the secretary recognized the judges .	Did the secretary recognize the judges ?	yes
The scientists danced , and the tourists resigned .	Did the tourists resign ?	yes
The artist contacted the managers , and the lawyer recognized the secretaries .	Did the lawyer recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The banker supported the lawyer , and the tourists saw the scientists .	Did the banker support the lawyer ?	yes
The doctors danced , and the presidents advised the actor .	Did the presidents advise the actor ?	yes
The secretary contacted the author , and the professor recognized the bankers .	Did the secretary contact the author ?	yes
The athletes slept , and the secretary recognized the managers .	Did the secretary recognize the managers ?	yes
The presidents stopped the bankers , and the athlete slept .	Did the athlete sleep ?	yes
The judge slept , and the author supported the scientists .	Did the author support the scientists ?	yes
The presidents shouted , and the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	yes
The actor performed , and the doctors contacted the student .	Did the doctors contact the student ?	yes
The senator resigned , and the tourists thanked the manager .	Did the senator resign ?	yes
The author helped the doctor , and the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	yes
The actor waited , and the lawyer believed the artist .	Did the lawyer believe the artist ?	yes
The banker helped the professor , and the manager advised the actors .	Did the manager advise the actors ?	yes
The doctor slept , and the actors believed the professors .	Did the actors believe the professors ?	yes
The doctors encouraged the actor , and the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	yes
The tourist encouraged the presidents , and the doctor danced .	Did the tourist encourage the presidents ?	yes
The secretary encouraged the scientists , and the banker supported the author .	Did the banker support the author ?	yes
The presidents slept , and the doctor recognized the managers .	Did the presidents sleep ?	yes
The presidents thanked the scientists , and the students stopped the tourist .	Did the presidents thank the scientists ?	yes
The lawyers contacted the doctors , and the actor ran .	Did the lawyers contact the doctors ?	yes
The athletes encouraged the tourists , and the senator recommended the secretary .	Did the athletes encourage the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer stopped the doctors , and the author introduced the actor .	Did the author introduce the actor ?	yes
The athlete advised the manager , and the judge contacted the banker .	Did the athlete advise the manager ?	yes
The tourist avoided the scientist , and the senators supported the athlete .	Did the tourist avoid the scientist ?	yes
The tourists shouted , and the professors mentioned the author .	Did the tourists shout ?	yes
The artist waited , and the scientists mentioned the author .	Did the scientists mention the author ?	yes
The bankers resigned , and the artist thanked the judges .	Did the bankers resign ?	yes
The bankers stopped the students , and the secretary avoided the professor .	Did the bankers stop the students ?	yes
The professor waited , and the secretaries admired the senator .	Did the professor wait ?	yes
The athletes believed the tourists , and the artists slept .	Did the artists sleep ?	yes
The judges resigned , and the artists believed the athletes .	Did the judges resign ?	yes
The scientist recognized the professors , and the authors believed the actor .	Did the scientist recognize the professors ?	yes
The lawyer ran , and the students performed .	Did the students perform ?	yes
The bankers resigned , and the doctors supported the artist .	Did the doctors support the artist ?	yes
The judge encouraged the secretaries , and the students shouted .	Did the judge encourage the secretaries ?	yes
The president mentioned the professor , and the tourist shouted .	Did the tourist shout ?	yes
The professors performed , and the lawyer arrived .	Did the professors perform ?	yes
The lawyer contacted the manager , and the doctor supported the professor .	Did the doctor support the professor ?	yes
The senators stopped the secretaries , and the judges avoided the artist .	Did the judges avoid the artist ?	yes
The actor resigned , and the tourists advised the banker .	Did the tourists advise the banker ?	yes
The bankers arrived , and the author advised the athletes .	Did the bankers arrive ?	yes
The managers believed the secretary , and the lawyer admired the athlete .	Did the lawyer admire the athlete ?	yes
The doctors stopped the judges , and the actors performed .	Did the doctors stop the judges ?	yes
The presidents recommended the banker , and the lawyer stopped the authors .	Did the lawyer stop the authors ?	yes
The artist arrived , and the actors resigned .	Did the actors resign ?	yes
The athletes called the author , and the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	yes
The professor resigned , and the presidents shouted .	Did the professor resign ?	yes
The lawyer avoided the senators , and the student thanked the tourist .	Did the lawyer avoid the senators ?	yes
The tourists resigned , and the senator avoided the actor .	Did the senator avoid the actor ?	yes
The student introduced the secretaries , and the banker danced .	Did the student introduce the secretaries ?	yes
The authors stopped the secretaries , and the doctor advised the tourist .	Did the authors stop the secretaries ?	yes
The secretary ran , and the tourist supported the actor .	Did the tourist support the actor ?	yes
The managers ran , and the tourist believed the judges .	Did the tourist believe the judges ?	yes
The professor avoided the manager , and the president introduced the senators .	Did the president introduce the senators ?	yes
The student recommended the athlete , and the actor thanked the senators .	Did the student recommend the athlete ?	yes
The manager thanked the bankers , and the secretaries supported the senators .	Did the manager thank the bankers ?	yes
The author believed the actor , and the manager encouraged the student .	Did the author believe the actor ?	yes
The student avoided the authors , and the actors contacted the lawyer .	Did the student avoid the authors ?	yes
The doctors waited , and the judge performed .	Did the doctors wait ?	yes
The judges danced , and the student arrived .	Did the student arrive ?	yes
The manager believed the tourists , and the athlete stopped the artists .	Did the manager believe the tourists ?	yes
The secretaries called the students , and the managers recognized the actors .	Did the managers recognize the actors ?	yes
The manager slept , and the scientists ran .	Did the manager sleep ?	yes
The doctor waited , and the lawyer performed .	Did the doctor wait ?	yes
The banker stopped the doctor , and the actor contacted the authors .	Did the actor contact the authors ?	yes
The actors shouted , and the athlete admired the authors .	Did the actors shout ?	yes
The actors recommended the banker , and the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	yes
The professor introduced the banker , and the athlete supported the lawyer .	Did the athlete support the lawyer ?	yes
The secretaries waited , and the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	yes
The secretary called the scientists , and the actors shouted .	Did the secretary call the scientists ?	yes
The tourist called the doctors , and the president introduced the actors .	Did the president introduce the actors ?	yes
The doctor encouraged the professor , and the managers recognized the tourist .	Did the doctor encourage the professor ?	yes
The actor recommended the manager , and the lawyer ran .	Did the actor recommend the manager ?	yes
The author ran , and the actor arrived .	Did the actor arrive ?	yes
The professor contacted the athlete , and the actor resigned .	Did the professor contact the athlete ?	yes
The author performed , and the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
The actors mentioned the artist , and the scientists shouted .	Did the scientists shout ?	yes
The secretary recommended the managers , and the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	yes
The athlete thanked the student , and the banker waited .	Did the athlete thank the student ?	yes
The doctor supported the athlete , and the senators performed .	Did the doctor support the athlete ?	yes
The scientists saw the lawyer , and the authors thanked the doctor .	Did the authors thank the doctor ?	yes
The scientist performed , and the actor supported the author .	Did the actor support the author ?	yes
The president slept , and the athlete admired the student .	Did the athlete admire the student ?	yes
The artists avoided the tourist , and the presidents saw the author .	Did the artists avoid the tourist ?	yes
The senator resigned , and the doctors shouted .	Did the senator resign ?	yes
The senators called the tourist , and the professors recognized the secretaries .	Did the professors recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The artist called the student , and the actor waited .	Did the artist call the student ?	yes
The athlete arrived , and the lawyer slept .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	yes
The president shouted , and the author saw the secretary .	Did the president shout ?	yes
The secretary danced , and the actors avoided the doctors .	Did the secretary dance ?	yes
The actors thanked the artists , and the senator advised the manager .	Did the senator advise the manager ?	yes
The professor supported the banker , and the tourists called the president .	Did the tourists call the president ?	yes
The professor advised the managers , and the senator contacted the lawyers .	Did the senator contact the lawyers ?	yes
The actor introduced the scientists , and the senator arrived .	Did the senator arrive ?	yes
The senator contacted the scientist , and the lawyers performed .	Did the senator contact the scientist ?	yes
The scientists stopped the lawyers , and the students saw the secretaries .	Did the students see the secretaries ?	yes
The senators believed the professor , and the judges danced .	Did the senators believe the professor ?	yes
The lawyers introduced the judge , and the professor arrived .	Did the lawyers introduce the judge ?	yes
The student waited , and the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	yes
The senator arrived , and the lawyers avoided the professor .	Did the lawyers avoid the professor ?	yes
The artist slept , and the senator contacted the judge .	Did the artist sleep ?	yes
The students thanked the author , and the judge helped the lawyers .	Did the students thank the author ?	yes
The athletes performed , and the doctors supported the president .	Did the athletes perform ?	yes
The students helped the actor , and the scientists ran .	Did the students help the actor ?	yes
The professors introduced the doctor , and the manager called the athlete .	Did the manager call the athlete ?	yes
The authors shouted , and the lawyers advised the judge .	Did the lawyers advise the judge ?	yes
The judge arrived , and the scientist ran .	Did the scientist run ?	yes
The banker advised the doctors , and the tourists encouraged the presidents .	Did the banker advise the doctors ?	yes
The artists performed , and the actors recommended the scientist .	Did the artists perform ?	yes
The manager called the senators , and the artist waited .	Did the artist wait ?	yes
The athlete mentioned the secretaries , and the senator shouted .	Did the senator shout ?	yes
The artist contacted the tourist , and the lawyer introduced the athletes .	Did the lawyer introduce the athletes ?	yes
The doctors contacted the senators , and the actor encouraged the lawyers .	Did the doctors contact the senators ?	yes
The doctor performed , and the secretary encouraged the professor .	Did the secretary encourage the professor ?	yes
The actor resigned , and the athlete slept .	Did the athlete sleep ?	yes
The student waited , and the managers recommended the secretary .	Did the managers recommend the secretary ?	yes
The actors thanked the student , and the artist called the lawyers .	Did the actors thank the student ?	yes
The secretaries thanked the author , and the lawyer admired the professor .	Did the secretaries thank the author ?	yes
The professor slept , and the judges recommended the scientists .	Did the professor sleep ?	yes
The doctor performed , and the secretary arrived .	Did the secretary arrive ?	yes
The doctors shouted , and the author helped the lawyers .	Did the doctors shout ?	yes
The manager introduced the artists , and the professor ran .	Did the professor run ?	yes
The presidents called the judge , and the professors believed the lawyer .	Did the professors believe the lawyer ?	yes
The authors thanked the doctor , and the presidents slept .	Did the presidents sleep ?	yes
The secretary helped the athlete , and the senator danced .	Did the secretary help the athlete ?	yes
The tourists advised the secretary , and the athletes thanked the professors .	Did the athletes thank the professors ?	yes
The banker recognized the doctor , and the athlete advised the tourists .	Did the banker recognize the doctor ?	yes
The artists recognized the authors , and the judges admired the scientist .	Did the artists recognize the authors ?	yes
The professors ran , and the managers performed .	Did the managers perform ?	yes
The authors called the judge , and the professors supported the lawyers .	Did the professors support the lawyers ?	yes
The manager admired the athlete , and the presidents recommended the banker .	Did the presidents recommend the banker ?	yes
The banker slept , and the doctors helped the manager .	Did the doctors help the manager ?	yes
The secretaries advised the doctor , and the scientists thanked the authors .	Did the secretaries advise the doctor ?	yes
The doctors performed , and the secretaries avoided the authors .	Did the doctors perform ?	yes
The authors supported the scientists , and the manager called the banker .	Did the authors support the scientists ?	yes
The tourist shouted , and the artist saw the doctor .	Did the artist see the doctor ?	yes
The scientist resigned , and the presidents ran .	Did the presidents run ?	yes
The author recommended the doctor , and the lawyer waited .	Did the lawyer wait ?	yes
The senators resigned , and the lawyers believed the actors .	Did the lawyers believe the actors ?	yes
The secretaries avoided the manager , and the bankers waited .	Did the secretaries avoid the manager ?	yes
The professors contacted the athletes , and the senators recognized the secretaries .	Did the senators recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The doctors avoided the authors , and the lawyer admired the tourist .	Did the doctors avoid the authors ?	yes
The managers mentioned the author , and the president waited .	Did the president wait ?	yes
The tourists recommended the athletes , and the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	yes
The actors danced , and the lawyers thanked the presidents .	Did the actors dance ?	yes
The managers admired the lawyers , and the author thanked the banker .	Did the author thank the banker ?	yes
The actor stopped the secretaries , and the artists contacted the lawyer .	Did the artists contact the lawyer ?	yes
The president supported the lawyer , and the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	yes
The senator resigned , and the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
The athletes mentioned the tourists , and the presidents ran .	Did the presidents run ?	yes
The athlete slept , and the bankers called the managers .	Did the bankers call the managers ?	yes
The doctors slept , and the lawyers waited .	Did the doctors sleep ?	yes
The students ran , and the scientists recommended the doctors .	Did the scientists recommend the doctors ?	yes
The scientist ran , and the lawyers performed .	Did the scientist run ?	yes
The doctors danced , and the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	yes
The athlete performed , and the manager arrived .	Did the athlete perform ?	yes
The authors advised the judges , and the athlete contacted the lawyers .	Did the athlete contact the lawyers ?	yes
The banker stopped the tourists , and the presidents called the athletes .	Did the banker stop the tourists ?	yes
The scientists advised the lawyers , and the actors encouraged the tourist .	Did the actors encourage the tourist ?	yes
The judge admired the president , and the author supported the artists .	Did the author support the artists ?	yes
The tourists believed the doctor , and the scientist performed .	Did the tourists believe the doctor ?	yes
The senator encouraged the scientist , and the actor introduced the author .	Did the senator encourage the scientist ?	yes
The artist slept , and the tourists introduced the professors .	Did the artist sleep ?	yes
The senator thanked the president , and the athlete believed the lawyer .	Did the senator thank the president ?	yes
The professors ran , and the lawyers performed .	Did the professors run ?	yes
The student called the scientists , and the professors recommended the judges .	Did the professors recommend the judges ?	yes
The professor waited , and the athlete introduced the doctors .	Did the athlete introduce the doctors ?	yes
The professors supported the tourists , and the secretaries arrived .	Did the secretaries arrive ?	yes
The actors contacted the doctors , and the lawyer helped the secretaries .	Did the actors contact the doctors ?	yes
The authors encouraged the bankers , and the doctor advised the lawyer .	Did the doctor advise the lawyer ?	yes
The judge admired the actor , and the managers shouted .	Did the managers shout ?	yes
The author supported the senators , and the student performed .	Did the author support the senators ?	yes
The scientist arrived , and the judge shouted .	Did the scientist arrive ?	yes
The athletes performed , and the secretary avoided the scientists .	Did the athletes perform ?	yes
The managers admired the tourists , and the actor danced .	Did the managers admire the tourists ?	yes
The lawyer waited , and the tourist mentioned the judges .	Did the lawyer wait ?	yes
The scientist performed , and the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	yes
The lawyers ran , and the artists slept .	Did the lawyers run ?	yes
The tourists contacted the lawyer , and the managers performed .	Did the managers perform ?	yes
The judge performed , and the athlete slept .	Did the athlete sleep ?	yes
The president thanked the senators , and the tourist shouted .	Did the president thank the senators ?	yes
The managers admired the students , and the secretary resigned .	Did the managers admire the students ?	yes
The artists introduced the secretary , and the author stopped the students .	Did the author stop the students ?	yes
The artist danced , and the secretary encouraged the author .	Did the secretary encourage the author ?	yes
The artists encouraged the presidents , and the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	yes
The lawyers thanked the judges , and the professors recognized the doctors .	Did the lawyers thank the judges ?	yes
The students contacted the presidents , and the judge recognized the author .	Did the judge recognize the author ?	yes
The authors arrived , and the presidents supported the manager .	Did the presidents support the manager ?	yes
The author waited , and the doctors stopped the scientist .	Did the doctors stop the scientist ?	yes
The tourists admired the judges , and the actor danced .	Did the tourists admire the judges ?	yes
The senators saw the president , and the scientists mentioned the professor .	Did the senators see the president ?	yes
The secretaries danced , and the doctor introduced the students .	Did the doctor introduce the students ?	yes
The senators believed the bankers , and the athlete admired the doctors .	Did the senators believe the bankers ?	yes
The tourists recommended the scientists , and the managers ran .	Did the tourists recommend the scientists ?	yes
The scientists avoided the doctors , and the actor waited .	Did the scientists avoid the doctors ?	yes
The scientists advised the judge , and the senator believed the professor .	Did the scientists advise the judge ?	yes
The secretary performed , and the professor danced .	Did the secretary perform ?	yes
The lawyers danced , and the secretary saw the doctor .	Did the secretary see the doctor ?	yes
The senators advised the lawyers , and the secretaries danced .	Did the secretaries dance ?	yes
The judge stopped the athlete , and the president danced .	Did the president dance ?	yes
The actors recommended the senator , and the bankers mentioned the professor .	Did the bankers mention the professor ?	yes
The students waited , and the lawyer recognized the artist .	Did the students wait ?	yes
The professor contacted the athletes , and the tourist admired the author .	Did the professor contact the athletes ?	yes
The managers recommended the doctors , and the athlete avoided the judge .	Did the managers recommend the doctors ?	yes
The tourists advised the actor , and the presidents admired the athletes .	Did the presidents admire the athletes ?	yes
The president waited , and the doctor shouted .	Did the president wait ?	yes
The scientists believed the authors , and the senator stopped the doctor .	Did the scientists believe the authors ?	yes
The president performed , and the lawyer stopped the managers .	Did the president perform ?	yes
The lawyers believed the artist , and the professors waited .	Did the lawyers believe the artist ?	yes
The students mentioned the manager , and the banker believed the professors .	Did the banker believe the professors ?	yes
The authors thanked the lawyer , and the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	yes
The tourists introduced the senator , and the professor resigned .	Did the professor resign ?	yes
The tourist mentioned the lawyers , and the students performed .	Did the students perform ?	yes
The scientist called the author , and the actor ran .	Did the scientist call the author ?	yes
The artist arrived , and the professors encouraged the scientists .	Did the professors encourage the scientists ?	yes
The author advised the managers , and the senator slept .	Did the author advise the managers ?	yes
The athletes performed , and the author avoided the artist .	Did the athletes perform ?	yes
The judge admired the tourists , and the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	yes
The secretaries waited , and the tourists mentioned the senator .	Did the secretaries wait ?	yes
The actors saw the judges , and the secretaries resigned .	Did the actors see the judges ?	yes
The senator ran , and the lawyers mentioned the actor .	Did the senator run ?	yes
The doctors performed , and the athletes avoided the professor .	Did the athletes avoid the professor ?	yes
The presidents danced , and the secretaries thanked the artists .	Did the presidents dance ?	yes
The managers introduced the judge , and the scientist supported the doctor .	Did the managers introduce the judge ?	yes
The senator introduced the doctor , and the secretaries encouraged the tourists .	Did the secretaries encourage the tourists ?	yes
The senator advised the athletes , and the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	yes
The secretary danced , and the artists mentioned the judges .	Did the artists mention the judges ?	yes
The bankers avoided the manager , and the actors ran .	Did the bankers avoid the manager ?	yes
The doctors waited , and the managers shouted .	Did the doctors wait ?	yes
The professor called the doctors , and the managers danced .	Did the managers dance ?	yes
The judges recommended the senators , and the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	yes
The doctors resigned , and the artists waited .	Did the doctors resign ?	yes
The banker recognized the athletes , and the manager recommended the judge .	Did the banker recognize the athletes ?	yes
The secretaries helped the managers , and the judge slept .	Did the secretaries help the managers ?	yes
The manager slept , and the tourist helped the professor .	Did the manager sleep ?	yes
The doctor shouted , and the bankers believed the tourist .	Did the doctor shout ?	yes
The banker resigned , and the president shouted .	Did the president shout ?	yes
The senators arrived , and the tourist slept .	Did the tourist sleep ?	yes
The actors danced , and the presidents encouraged the professor .	Did the presidents encourage the professor ?	yes
The managers called the students , and the author performed .	Did the managers call the students ?	yes
The lawyer avoided the senator , and the students ran .	Did the students run ?	yes
The lawyer mentioned the scientist , and the author contacted the senator .	Did the author contact the senator ?	yes
The secretary danced , and the artist advised the managers .	Did the secretary dance ?	yes
The athlete admired the tourist , and the doctor resigned .	Did the doctor resign ?	yes
The tourists admired the lawyer , and the actor recommended the doctor .	Did the tourists admire the lawyer ?	yes
The judges advised the artist , and the bankers saw the authors .	Did the judges advise the artist ?	yes
The judge introduced the students , and the managers contacted the president .	Did the judge introduce the students ?	yes
The student waited , and the artist called the actor .	Did the student wait ?	yes
The judge avoided the presidents , and the doctors recommended the professors .	Did the doctors recommend the professors ?	yes
The senators recognized the tourists , and the president saw the athlete .	Did the senators recognize the tourists ?	yes
The managers arrived , and the professors danced .	Did the managers arrive ?	yes
The actors avoided the tourists , and the lawyer stopped the senators .	Did the lawyer stop the senators ?	yes
The senator introduced the managers , and the lawyer recommended the authors .	Did the lawyer recommend the authors ?	yes
The lawyer recognized the judges , and the senator avoided the bankers .	Did the lawyer recognize the judges ?	yes
The managers waited , and the actors thanked the student .	Did the managers wait ?	yes
The scientist arrived , and the student recommended the lawyer .	Did the student recommend the lawyer ?	yes
The tourist saw the lawyer , and the professor recommended the president .	Did the professor recommend the president ?	yes
The students shouted , and the athlete recommended the presidents .	Did the students shout ?	yes
The actor helped the manager , and the scientists recommended the authors .	Did the actor help the manager ?	yes
The managers performed , and the banker arrived .	Did the managers perform ?	yes
The professor recognized the banker , and the artists avoided the actors .	Did the artists avoid the actors ?	yes
The senator saw the artists , and the athletes advised the student .	Did the athletes advise the student ?	yes
The students avoided the bankers , and the managers supported the artist .	Did the students avoid the bankers ?	yes
The managers supported the bankers , and the students introduced the author .	Did the students introduce the author ?	yes
The professor performed , and the bankers contacted the scientists .	Did the professor perform ?	yes
The president resigned , and the professors mentioned the lawyer .	Did the president resign ?	yes
The senators believed the actor , and the judge admired the authors .	Did the senators believe the actor ?	yes
The scientists thanked the senator , and the student advised the tourists .	Did the student advise the tourists ?	yes
The author encouraged the lawyers , and the student introduced the senators .	Did the student introduce the senators ?	yes
The artists waited , and the manager stopped the scientists .	Did the artists wait ?	yes
The senators supported the lawyer , and the banker arrived .	Did the senators support the lawyer ?	yes
The presidents danced , and the doctors helped the managers .	Did the presidents dance ?	yes
The president waited , and the artist shouted .	Did the president wait ?	yes
The athletes helped the scientists , and the senators danced .	Did the athletes help the scientists ?	yes
The bankers ran , and the senator mentioned the managers .	Did the senator mention the managers ?	yes
The lawyer saw the students , and the doctor believed the president .	Did the doctor believe the president ?	yes
The senator introduced the actors , and the president called the lawyers .	Did the senator introduce the actors ?	yes
The senator called the tourist , and the presidents stopped the doctor .	Did the presidents stop the doctor ?	yes
The scientist helped the students , and the authors believed the secretaries .	Did the authors believe the secretaries ?	yes
The presidents helped the secretaries , and the student danced .	Did the student dance ?	yes
The judge ran , and the students admired the president .	Did the students admire the president ?	yes
The judge ran , and the presidents stopped the senators .	Did the presidents stop the senators ?	yes
The actor resigned , and the authors recommended the president .	Did the authors recommend the president ?	yes
The bankers mentioned the authors , and the secretary recommended the artist .	Did the secretary recommend the artist ?	yes
The senators resigned , and the artist believed the lawyers .	Did the senators resign ?	yes
The scientist shouted , and the tourists supported the athlete .	Did the scientist shout ?	yes
The actors recognized the tourist , and the student thanked the secretaries .	Did the student thank the secretaries ?	yes
The judge mentioned the students , and the doctor danced .	Did the judge mention the students ?	yes
The professors avoided the author , and the bankers advised the artist .	Did the professors avoid the author ?	yes
The students admired the doctors , and the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	yes
The scientist recommended the doctor , and the tourist contacted the actor .	Did the scientist recommend the doctor ?	yes
The tourist believed the student , and the actor resigned .	Did the tourist believe the student ?	yes
The students shouted , and the athletes saw the senators .	Did the athletes see the senators ?	yes
The artist encouraged the judges , and the doctors performed .	Did the artist encourage the judges ?	yes
The secretary slept , and the judge saw the athletes .	Did the judge see the athletes ?	yes
The artists mentioned the author , and the professors recognized the banker .	Did the artists mention the author ?	yes
The doctors shouted , and the authors saw the scientists .	Did the authors see the scientists ?	yes
The judges saw the manager , and the actor recognized the senators .	Did the judges see the manager ?	yes
The artist arrived , and the actor waited .	Did the actor wait ?	yes
The professor slept , and the senator helped the judges .	Did the professor sleep ?	yes
The athlete slept , and the senator admired the managers .	Did the athlete sleep ?	yes
The presidents introduced the judge , and the author saw the scientist .	Did the presidents introduce the judge ?	yes
The lawyer slept , and the scientist advised the artist .	Did the lawyer sleep ?	yes
The bankers called the student , and the presidents recommended the secretaries .	Did the presidents recommend the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyer encouraged the athletes , and the artist arrived .	Did the artist arrive ?	yes
The judge waited , and the secretary contacted the banker .	Did the secretary contact the banker ?	yes
The secretaries believed the president , and the actors danced .	Did the secretaries believe the president ?	yes
The actors advised the secretaries , and the tourists performed .	Did the actors advise the secretaries ?	yes
The artist stopped the student , and the president mentioned the senators .	Did the president mention the senators ?	yes
The secretary supported the athlete , and the presidents believed the authors .	Did the secretary support the athlete ?	yes
The banker arrived , and the doctors supported the tourist .	Did the doctors support the tourist ?	yes
The senator saw the author , and the president ran .	Did the senator see the author ?	yes
The students believed the president , and the lawyer stopped the doctors .	Did the students believe the president ?	yes
The doctors recommended the athlete , and the students mentioned the lawyer .	Did the doctors recommend the athlete ?	yes
The artists introduced the senators , and the judges recommended the tourist .	Did the judges recommend the tourist ?	yes
The actor advised the secretary , and the professor introduced the author .	Did the professor introduce the author ?	yes
The scientists thanked the manager , and the bankers waited .	Did the scientists thank the manager ?	yes
The judges resigned , and the secretaries recommended the tourists .	Did the secretaries recommend the tourists ?	yes
The actor mentioned the secretary , and the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	yes
The managers slept , and the authors thanked the senators .	Did the authors thank the senators ?	yes
The doctor thanked the athlete , and the senator believed the secretaries .	Did the senator believe the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyer stopped the presidents , and the banker recognized the student .	Did the lawyer stop the presidents ?	yes
The senator encouraged the scientist , and the manager performed .	Did the senator encourage the scientist ?	yes
The scientists waited , and the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	yes
The actors resigned , and the lawyers waited .	Did the actors resign ?	yes
The tourist thanked the professors , and the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	yes
The secretaries saw the manager , and the scientist helped the banker .	Did the secretaries see the manager ?	yes
The scientists supported the actor , and the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	yes
The artist saw the secretaries , and the lawyer thanked the judge .	Did the lawyer thank the judge ?	yes
The scientists arrived , and the secretary ran .	Did the secretary run ?	yes
The president called the manager , and the actors shouted .	Did the actors shout ?	yes
The students supported the author , and the athlete mentioned the tourist .	Did the students support the author ?	yes
The scientists introduced the president , and the artist stopped the banker .	Did the scientists introduce the president ?	yes
The secretaries danced , and the tourists saw the doctor .	Did the secretaries dance ?	yes
The judge encouraged the bankers , and the secretary recognized the athletes .	Did the judge encourage the bankers ?	yes
The tourist arrived , and the actor shouted .	Did the actor shout ?	yes
The actors performed , and the doctor advised the bankers .	Did the doctor advise the bankers ?	yes
The artists shouted , and the president saw the athletes .	Did the artists shout ?	yes
The actor ran , and the artists saw the students .	Did the actor run ?	yes
The bankers recognized the student , and the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	yes
The secretary stopped the actors , and the authors introduced the judges .	Did the secretary stop the actors ?	yes
The authors ran , and the senators resigned .	Did the authors run ?	yes
The professor introduced the athlete , and the authors waited .	Did the authors wait ?	yes
The authors avoided the judge , and the professor slept .	Did the professor sleep ?	yes
The bankers ran , and the tourists helped the doctor .	Did the bankers run ?	yes
The artist shouted , and the student mentioned the senator .	Did the student mention the senator ?	yes
The banker believed the tourist , and the students saw the president .	Did the banker believe the tourist ?	yes
The students called the professor , and the doctor ran .	Did the doctor run ?	yes
The professors supported the senators , and the judges helped the actor .	Did the professors support the senators ?	yes
The scientists danced , and the managers recommended the student .	Did the managers recommend the student ?	yes
The artists advised the lawyer , and the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	yes
The judges waited , and the professor encouraged the secretary .	Did the professor encourage the secretary ?	yes
The tourist believed the banker , and the scientist supported the author .	Did the tourist believe the banker ?	yes
The secretaries avoided the students , and the actors saw the scientist .	Did the secretaries avoid the students ?	yes
The lawyers thanked the professors , and the author recognized the doctors .	Did the author recognize the doctors ?	yes
The doctor introduced the judge , and the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	yes
The students recognized the artists , and the doctor resigned .	Did the students recognize the artists ?	yes
The scientist introduced the senator , and the bankers ran .	Did the scientist introduce the senator ?	yes
The actors advised the athletes , and the scientist believed the student .	Did the actors advise the athletes ?	yes
The tourist saw the athletes , and the senators believed the actors .	Did the tourist see the athletes ?	yes
The senator contacted the professors , and the banker mentioned the doctors .	Did the banker mention the doctors ?	yes
The secretary called the judges , and the authors avoided the scientists .	Did the authors avoid the scientists ?	yes
The artists ran , and the athletes advised the secretary .	Did the athletes advise the secretary ?	yes
The students supported the managers , and the senator danced .	Did the students support the managers ?	yes
The scientists mentioned the actor , and the manager encouraged the secretaries .	Did the manager encourage the secretaries ?	yes
The scientist resigned , and the secretary advised the bankers .	Did the secretary advise the bankers ?	yes
The banker waited , and the scientist admired the professor .	Did the banker wait ?	yes
The athlete waited , and the lawyers recognized the secretaries .	Did the lawyers recognize the secretaries ?	yes
The tourists shouted , and the professor advised the author .	Did the professor advise the author ?	yes
The artist shouted , and the tourist resigned .	Did the artist shout ?	yes
The author waited , and the professor ran .	Did the author wait ?	yes
The author shouted , and the doctors slept .	Did the doctors sleep ?	yes
The professors ran , and the actor mentioned the managers .	Did the professors run ?	yes
The managers helped the senator , and the athlete recommended the actor .	Did the athlete recommend the actor ?	yes
The tourists stopped the presidents , and the authors supported the lawyers .	Did the authors support the lawyers ?	yes
The senators believed the manager , and the actors arrived .	Did the actors arrive ?	yes
The secretary arrived , and the authors saw the students .	Did the authors see the students ?	yes
The professors arrived , and the presidents thanked the tourists .	Did the professors arrive ?	yes
The secretaries danced , and the student believed the authors .	Did the secretaries dance ?	yes
The professor slept , and the managers contacted the lawyer .	Did the professor sleep ?	yes
The scientist avoided the athletes , and the students supported the artists .	Did the students support the artists ?	yes
The doctor admired the senators , and the secretaries helped the manager .	Did the secretaries help the manager ?	yes
The presidents recognized the lawyer , and the tourists believed the secretary .	Did the tourists believe the secretary ?	yes
The secretary called the banker , and the authors waited .	Did the authors wait ?	yes
The banker saw the managers , and the students waited .	Did the banker see the managers ?	yes
The lawyers supported the tourists , and the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	yes
The artist resigned , and the judges recommended the presidents .	Did the judges recommend the presidents ?	yes
The students saw the professor , and the scientists stopped the bankers .	Did the scientists stop the bankers ?	yes
The author introduced the senator , and the athletes shouted .	Did the athletes shout ?	yes
The doctor resigned , and the banker recommended the actor .	Did the banker recommend the actor ?	yes
The athlete performed , and the students believed the president .	Did the athlete perform ?	yes
The actors introduced the professors , and the banker performed .	Did the banker perform ?	yes
The presidents helped the actors , and the athlete advised the senators .	Did the athlete advise the senators ?	yes
The scientists thanked the tourist , and the actor believed the athlete .	Did the actor believe the athlete ?	yes
The actor called the lawyer , and the doctors advised the artist .	Did the actor call the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyers arrived , and the actors admired the athletes .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
The tourists resigned , and the author stopped the secretary .	Did the author stop the secretary ?	yes
The secretary danced , and the manager supported the president .	Did the secretary dance ?	yes
The doctor recognized the senators , and the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	yes
The doctor resigned , and the presidents thanked the tourists .	Did the doctor resign ?	yes
The professor supported the athlete , and the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	yes
The doctors helped the president , and the manager saw the actor .	Did the manager see the actor ?	yes
The author recommended the judges , and the managers arrived .	Did the managers arrive ?	yes
The professor helped the actor , and the secretary thanked the president .	Did the secretary thank the president ?	yes
The senator encouraged the bankers , and the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	yes
The lawyer introduced the tourists , and the senator advised the scientists .	Did the senator advise the scientists ?	yes
The students recognized the judges , and the actor arrived .	Did the actor arrive ?	yes
The banker introduced the lawyer , and the author recognized the doctor .	Did the banker introduce the lawyer ?	yes
The actor performed , and the scientists supported the judges .	Did the actor perform ?	yes
The tourist recognized the athlete , and the managers avoided the secretary .	Did the tourist recognize the athlete ?	yes
The scientist recognized the artists , and the secretaries mentioned the actor .	Did the secretaries mention the actor ?	yes
The athletes performed , and the senators introduced the president .	Did the athletes perform ?	yes
The professors saw the actors , and the bankers encouraged the tourists .	Did the bankers encourage the tourists ?	yes
The president saw the author , and the secretary supported the lawyer .	Did the secretary support the lawyer ?	yes
The secretary avoided the scientist , and the doctors supported the students .	Did the secretary avoid the scientist ?	yes
The tourists mentioned the scientists , and the artist arrived .	Did the artist arrive ?	yes
The secretary recognized the doctor , and the scientists believed the student .	Did the secretary recognize the doctor ?	yes
The lawyer arrived , and the student admired the senator .	Did the student admire the senator ?	yes
The president mentioned the artists , and the senator advised the student .	Did the senator advise the student ?	yes
The president supported the scientists , and the athlete helped the lawyers .	Did the athlete help the lawyers ?	yes
The students encouraged the actor , and the doctors waited .	Did the students encourage the actor ?	yes
The artist thanked the actors , and the judges avoided the doctors .	Did the judges avoid the doctors ?	yes
The actor performed , and the manager mentioned the athlete .	Did the manager mention the athlete ?	yes
The artists called the scientists , and the tourist encouraged the author .	Did the artists call the scientists ?	yes
The senator stopped the actor , and the author resigned .	Did the senator stop the actor ?	yes
The athletes ran , and the bankers admired the tourists .	Did the bankers admire the tourists ?	yes
The tourist admired the senator , and the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	yes
The judges advised the tourist , and the presidents slept .	Did the judges advise the tourist ?	yes
The professors believed the artist , and the managers recognized the presidents .	Did the managers recognize the presidents ?	yes
The judge performed , and the student called the manager .	Did the judge perform ?	yes
The students waited , and the actors slept .	Did the students wait ?	yes
The manager recommended the bankers , and the artist ran .	Did the manager recommend the bankers ?	yes
The senators slept , and the scientist contacted the judge .	Did the scientist contact the judge ?	yes
The president believed the scientists , and the students contacted the banker .	Did the president believe the scientists ?	yes
The secretary called the artist , and the scientists waited .	Did the scientists wait ?	yes
The lawyer thanked the professors , and the actor waited .	Did the lawyer thank the professors ?	yes
The president saw the tourists , and the doctor called the professor .	Did the president see the tourists ?	yes
The actor arrived , and the professor encouraged the lawyer .	Did the professor encourage the lawyer ?	yes
The secretaries slept , and the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	yes
The banker avoided the tourists , and the athlete performed .	Did the athlete perform ?	yes
The artist helped the students , and the lawyer avoided the author .	Did the lawyer avoid the author ?	yes
The student recommended the lawyers , and the professors slept .	Did the student recommend the lawyers ?	yes
The bankers believed the scientists , and the professor shouted .	Did the professor shout ?	yes
The president supported the lawyer , and the judges stopped the managers .	Did the president support the lawyer ?	yes
The secretaries called the tourist , and the judge danced .	Did the secretaries call the tourist ?	yes
The secretary resigned , and the artist supported the actor .	Did the secretary resign ?	yes
The president slept , and the professor resigned .	Did the president sleep ?	yes
The senator supported the scientists , and the author resigned .	Did the senator support the scientists ?	yes
The lawyers waited , and the secretaries advised the scientists .	Did the secretaries advise the scientists ?	yes
The tourist saw the scientist , and the professor helped the artist .	Did the professor help the artist ?	yes
The doctor waited , and the artists resigned .	Did the doctor wait ?	yes
The secretaries waited , and the doctors helped the presidents .	Did the secretaries wait ?	yes
The tourists supported the senator , and the authors introduced the banker .	Did the authors introduce the banker ?	yes
The actor saw the student , and the artist avoided the tourist .	Did the artist avoid the tourist ?	yes
The actor performed , and the student ran .	Did the actor perform ?	yes
The lawyers ran , and the scientist avoided the students .	Did the scientist avoid the students ?	yes
The secretaries helped the judge , and the artist thanked the author .	Did the secretaries help the judge ?	yes
The tourist waited , and the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	yes
The tourist arrived , and the authors advised the professors .	Did the tourist arrive ?	yes
The athlete admired the lawyers , and the bankers helped the manager .	Did the bankers help the manager ?	yes
The senators recognized the doctor , and the scientist slept .	Did the senators recognize the doctor ?	yes
The professors shouted , and the senator ran .	Did the senator run ?	yes
The bankers believed the secretaries , and the author supported the senator .	Did the bankers believe the secretaries ?	yes
The artists advised the managers , and the presidents introduced the judges .	Did the presidents introduce the judges ?	yes
The actor shouted , and the student introduced the manager .	Did the actor shout ?	yes
The judge arrived , and the artist advised the tourists .	Did the judge arrive ?	yes
The presidents arrived , and the lawyers danced .	Did the lawyers dance ?	yes
The actor called the authors , and the scientist resigned .	Did the scientist resign ?	yes
The bankers introduced the secretaries , and the tourists helped the lawyer .	Did the tourists help the lawyer ?	yes
The lawyer avoided the artist , and the tourists helped the bankers .	Did the tourists help the bankers ?	yes
The senators stopped the author , and the artist performed .	Did the senators stop the author ?	yes
The presidents thanked the tourists , and the artists waited .	Did the artists wait ?	yes
The presidents encouraged the professor , and the judges danced .	Did the presidents encourage the professor ?	yes
The lawyer waited , and the judge mentioned the athlete .	Did the judge mention the athlete ?	yes
The author slept , and the students advised the president .	Did the author sleep ?	yes
The judges avoided the artist , and the banker supported the students .	Did the banker support the students ?	yes
The tourist believed the banker , and the managers performed .	Did the tourist believe the banker ?	yes
The athletes mentioned the tourists , and the senators called the presidents .	Did the athletes mention the tourists ?	yes
The secretaries called the athlete , and the tourist stopped the actors .	Did the tourist stop the actors ?	yes
The secretaries recommended the senator , and the presidents ran .	Did the secretaries recommend the senator ?	yes
The senators mentioned the manager , and the secretary arrived .	Did the secretary arrive ?	yes
The tourists ran , and the actors encouraged the authors .	Did the tourists run ?	yes
The actors danced , and the president admired the athletes .	Did the president admire the athletes ?	yes
The presidents supported the author , and the scientist performed .	Did the presidents support the author ?	yes
The presidents recognized the scientist , and the athletes performed .	Did the athletes perform ?	yes
The tourist believed the senators , and the doctors waited .	Did the doctors wait ?	yes
The author shouted , and the professors waited .	Did the professors wait ?	yes
The lawyers thanked the scientist , and the athletes performed .	Did the athletes perform ?	yes
The student shouted , and the actors recommended the banker .	Did the actors recommend the banker ?	yes
The doctors recognized the artist , and the authors admired the senators .	Did the doctors recognize the artist ?	yes
The actor ran , and the author admired the presidents .	Did the actor run ?	yes
The judge recognized the senator , and the scientist arrived .	Did the scientist arrive ?	yes
The artists waited , and the author danced .	Did the author dance ?	yes
The artist recommended the lawyers , and the student called the manager .	Did the student call the manager ?	yes
The senators arrived , and the actor ran .	Did the actor run ?	yes
The doctor advised the artist , and the president believed the bankers .	Did the president believe the bankers ?	yes
The secretary resigned , and the senator saw the student .	Did the secretary resign ?	yes
The artist waited , and the secretary stopped the students .	Did the secretary stop the students ?	yes
The doctor called the professor , and the scientists waited .	Did the doctor call the professor ?	yes
The actor encouraged the doctors , and the judges avoided the secretary .	Did the actor encourage the doctors ?	yes
The managers supported the lawyers , and the artists helped the senators .	Did the artists help the senators ?	yes
The presidents stopped the students , and the tourist shouted .	Did the presidents stop the students ?	yes
The actor slept , and the tourist danced .	Did the tourist dance ?	yes
The tourist arrived , and the judges performed .	Did the judges perform ?	yes
The actors advised the tourists , and the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	yes
The authors saw the lawyer , and the judge thanked the scientists .	Did the judge thank the scientists ?	yes
The actors waited , and the judges performed .	Did the judges perform ?	yes
The actors avoided the tourists , and the athlete called the senators .	Did the athlete call the senators ?	yes
The judges advised the banker , and the lawyer thanked the author .	Did the judges advise the banker ?	yes
The professor introduced the banker , and the lawyer recommended the secretaries .	Did the professor introduce the banker ?	yes
The senator recognized the tourist , and the bankers performed .	Did the bankers perform ?	yes
The tourists helped the presidents , and the lawyers avoided the artists .	Did the lawyers avoid the artists ?	yes
The lawyer supported the judge , and the artist saw the banker .	Did the artist see the banker ?	yes
The banker advised the presidents , and the judge supported the actor .	Did the judge support the actor ?	yes
The tourist encouraged the president , and the senators danced .	Did the tourist encourage the president ?	yes
The actors thanked the bankers , and the authors contacted the secretaries .	Did the actors thank the bankers ?	yes
The artists encouraged the tourists , and the judges avoided the athletes .	Did the artists encourage the tourists ?	yes
The judges ran , and the athletes resigned .	Did the athletes resign ?	yes
The lawyer supported the secretaries , and the author avoided the scientists .	Did the author avoid the scientists ?	yes
The secretaries called the lawyers , and the athlete danced .	Did the athlete dance ?	yes
The scientist danced , and the professors encouraged the athletes .	Did the professors encourage the athletes ?	yes
The president stopped the managers , and the doctor thanked the lawyer .	Did the doctor thank the lawyer ?	yes
The students saw the authors , and the senators admired the lawyer .	Did the senators admire the lawyer ?	yes
The manager waited , and the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	yes
The doctors recognized the judges , and the senator arrived .	Did the doctors recognize the judges ?	yes
The bankers recognized the tourist , and the scientist helped the lawyer .	Did the scientist help the lawyer ?	yes
The actors encouraged the artist , and the scientist supported the president .	Did the scientist support the president ?	yes
The professors slept , and the bankers recommended the artist .	Did the professors sleep ?	yes
The professors encouraged the students , and the author saw the actor .	Did the author see the actor ?	yes
The artists advised the actor , and the banker admired the senators .	Did the banker admire the senators ?	yes
The athlete recognized the senator , and the lawyers danced .	Did the lawyers dance ?	yes
The bankers encouraged the professor , and the senators helped the doctors .	Did the bankers encourage the professor ?	yes
The scientists shouted , and the senator thanked the students .	Did the scientists shout ?	yes
The judges believed the professors , and the lawyers waited .	Did the lawyers wait ?	yes
The presidents supported the bankers , and the senators encouraged the scientists .	Did the senators encourage the scientists ?	yes
The athletes waited , and the judges ran .	Did the judges run ?	yes
The tourists advised the athlete , and the authors introduced the actor .	Did the authors introduce the actor ?	yes
The student helped the bankers , and the lawyers believed the secretary .	Did the lawyers believe the secretary ?	yes
The tourists ran , and the actors contacted the scientists .	Did the tourists run ?	yes
The professors believed the tourist , and the student supported the doctor .	Did the student support the doctor ?	yes
The managers shouted , and the students arrived .	Did the managers shout ?	yes
The scientists encouraged the doctor , and the author danced .	Did the scientists encourage the doctor ?	yes
The tourist admired the doctor , and the scientist ran .	Did the tourist admire the doctor ?	yes
The artist arrived , and the bankers avoided the judge .	Did the artist arrive ?	yes
The president shouted , and the artist thanked the banker .	Did the artist thank the banker ?	yes
The scientist supported the senator , and the author shouted .	Did the scientist support the senator ?	yes
The students performed , and the banker shouted .	Did the students perform ?	yes
The judges arrived , and the author slept .	Did the judges arrive ?	yes
The judges introduced the secretaries , and the presidents shouted .	Did the presidents shout ?	yes
The athletes stopped the tourist , and the secretaries mentioned the lawyers .	Did the athletes stop the tourist ?	yes
The presidents saw the professors , and the secretary shouted .	Did the presidents see the professors ?	yes
The secretaries contacted the author , and the doctors thanked the lawyers .	Did the doctors thank the lawyers ?	yes
The banker introduced the scientist , and the student mentioned the senators .	Did the banker introduce the scientist ?	yes
The doctor encouraged the secretaries , and the author arrived .	Did the doctor encourage the secretaries ?	yes
The tourists slept , and the senator resigned .	Did the tourists sleep ?	yes
The doctor recommended the student , and the president recognized the athlete .	Did the president recognize the athlete ?	yes
The scientist admired the secretaries , and the tourists performed .	Did the scientist admire the secretaries ?	yes
The lawyers waited , and the doctors encouraged the athlete .	Did the lawyers wait ?	yes
The senator advised the author , and the bankers waited .	Did the bankers wait ?	yes
The actor thanked the students , and the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	yes
The banker called the artist , and the athlete arrived .	Did the banker call the artist ?	yes
The artist waited , and the judge stopped the secretary .	Did the judge stop the secretary ?	yes
The professors supported the presidents , and the actors danced .	Did the professors support the presidents ?	yes
The bankers ran , and the senators admired the professors .	Did the senators admire the professors ?	yes
The athlete called the doctor , and the artists ran .	Did the artists run ?	yes
The athlete performed , and the professor believed the bankers .	Did the athlete perform ?	yes
The tourist danced , and the professors slept .	Did the professors sleep ?	yes
The senators encouraged the authors , and the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	yes
The secretary believed the athletes , and the author arrived .	Did the secretary believe the athletes ?	yes
The managers resigned , and the senator called the actors .	Did the managers resign ?	yes
The senator saw the secretary , and the lawyers shouted .	Did the senator see the secretary ?	yes
The artists avoided the president , and the students introduced the doctor .	Did the artists avoid the president ?	yes
The bankers called the athlete , and the student saw the presidents .	Did the student see the presidents ?	yes
The artists saw the bankers , and the professors shouted .	Did the professors shout ?	yes
The banker called the actor , and the professor mentioned the scientist .	Did the professor mention the scientist ?	yes
The actor slept , and the athlete believed the scientist .	Did the athlete believe the scientist ?	yes
The professors supported the actors , and the president encouraged the athletes .	Did the professors support the actors ?	yes
The senators believed the scientists , and the secretary waited .	Did the senators believe the scientists ?	yes
The actor called the student , and the author stopped the presidents .	Did the author stop the presidents ?	yes
The doctor helped the senators , and the president introduced the manager .	Did the doctor help the senators ?	yes
The scientists resigned , and the manager ran .	Did the manager run ?	yes
The athletes believed the tourist , and the artist waited .	Did the artist wait ?	yes
The judges arrived , and the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	yes
The tourist recommended the presidents , and the students waited .	Did the students wait ?	yes
The banker slept , and the senators introduced the athlete .	Did the senators introduce the athlete ?	yes
The artist helped the managers , and the banker shouted .	Did the artist help the managers ?	yes
The president recommended the manager , and the tourist introduced the banker .	Did the tourist introduce the banker ?	yes
The senator shouted , and the manager thanked the president .	Did the senator shout ?	yes
The lawyers ran , and the author arrived .	Did the author arrive ?	yes
The doctor advised the president , and the scientist believed the artist .	Did the doctor advise the president ?	yes
The author slept , and the manager thanked the athlete .	Did the author sleep ?	yes
The senators avoided the secretary , and the tourist arrived .	Did the tourist arrive ?	yes
The doctor admired the athlete , and the student recommended the scientists .	Did the student recommend the scientists ?	yes
The senators recognized the manager , and the doctors waited .	Did the doctors wait ?	yes
The athlete resigned , and the actor saw the senator .	Did the athlete resign ?	yes
The secretary believed the scientists , and the manager encouraged the authors .	Did the manager encourage the authors ?	yes
The actor shouted , and the doctor recognized the artist .	Did the actor shout ?	yes
The professors recommended the manager , and the author contacted the tourist .	Did the professors recommend the manager ?	yes
The president arrived , and the professor performed .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
The lawyers saw the banker , and the actors called the doctor .	Did the lawyers see the banker ?	yes
The senators recommended the artists , and the professors slept .	Did the senators recommend the artists ?	yes
The bankers contacted the professor , and the artist performed .	Did the bankers contact the professor ?	yes
The athletes believed the managers , and the judges waited .	Did the athletes believe the managers ?	yes
The doctor introduced the judge , and the author waited .	Did the doctor introduce the judge ?	yes
The author slept , and the students called the artists .	Did the students call the artists ?	yes
The president advised the managers , and the secretaries helped the authors .	Did the secretaries help the authors ?	yes
The tourists resigned , and the lawyers avoided the athlete .	Did the tourists resign ?	yes
The student contacted the professor , and the lawyer helped the doctor .	Did the lawyer help the doctor ?	yes
The scientists shouted , and the judge advised the actors .	Did the judge advise the actors ?	yes
The tourist supported the athlete , and the lawyers resigned .	Did the tourist support the athlete ?	yes
The managers ran , and the president saw the artist .	Did the president see the artist ?	yes
The actor advised the banker , and the judges supported the lawyers .	Did the judges support the lawyers ?	yes
The actor waited , and the secretary introduced the senator .	Did the actor wait ?	yes
The doctor believed the student , and the banker advised the professors .	Did the banker advise the professors ?	yes
The senators shouted , and the lawyers encouraged the scientist .	Did the senators shout ?	yes
The professor thanked the athlete , and the president shouted .	Did the professor thank the athlete ?	yes
The doctors recommended the actor , and the professors waited .	Did the professors wait ?	yes
The judge mentioned the authors , and the president avoided the actors .	Did the president avoid the actors ?	yes
The tourists danced , and the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	yes
The artist danced , and the secretaries thanked the lawyer .	Did the artist dance ?	yes
The senators encouraged the doctor , and the scientist recognized the managers .	Did the scientist recognize the managers ?	yes
The secretaries stopped the professor , and the artist introduced the bankers .	Did the artist introduce the bankers ?	yes
The lawyer advised the students , and the actors recognized the author .	Did the lawyer advise the students ?	yes
The tourist arrived , and the manager called the senators .	Did the manager call the senators ?	yes
The presidents waited , and the judges performed .	Did the judges perform ?	yes
The judge believed the professor , and the students helped the banker .	Did the judge believe the professor ?	yes
The authors thanked the secretaries , and the athlete performed .	Did the authors thank the secretaries ?	yes
The senators slept , and the scientist supported the banker .	Did the scientist support the banker ?	yes
The athletes mentioned the doctors , and the author stopped the lawyer .	Did the author stop the lawyer ?	yes
The doctors danced , and the artist believed the presidents .	Did the artist believe the presidents ?	yes
The actors advised the doctor , and the judge helped the professor .	Did the judge help the professor ?	yes
The athletes ran , and the student waited .	Did the student wait ?	yes
The presidents helped the secretaries , and the judges avoided the athletes .	Did the presidents help the secretaries ?	yes
The tourists mentioned the athlete , and the senator slept .	Did the tourists mention the athlete ?	yes
The senators recognized the artists , and the athletes encouraged the student .	Did the senators recognize the artists ?	yes
The tourist encouraged the judge , and the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	yes
The managers stopped the professor , and the senator encouraged the banker .	Did the senator encourage the banker ?	yes
The secretary advised the artist , and the author thanked the student .	Did the author thank the student ?	yes
The student stopped the judge , and the lawyers supported the presidents .	Did the student stop the judge ?	yes
The senators encouraged the doctors , and the secretary introduced the lawyers .	Did the senators encourage the doctors ?	yes
The managers resigned , and the lawyers avoided the doctors .	Did the lawyers avoid the doctors ?	yes
The author contacted the bankers , and the athletes stopped the manager .	Did the author contact the bankers ?	yes
The judge stopped the secretary , and the scientists encouraged the senators .	Did the scientists encourage the senators ?	yes
The professors saw the senator , and the tourists recommended the banker .	Did the professors see the senator ?	yes
The artist danced , and the judge introduced the tourists .	Did the judge introduce the tourists ?	yes
The artist recommended the president , and the scientists thanked the student .	Did the artist recommend the president ?	yes
The judges helped the doctors , and the senator saw the professor .	Did the judges help the doctors ?	yes
The senators avoided the judge , and the athletes advised the professor .	Did the athletes advise the professor ?	yes
The authors thanked the senator , and the tourists performed .	Did the tourists perform ?	yes
The tourist shouted , and the scientist slept .	Did the scientist sleep ?	yes
The secretaries waited , and the senators slept .	Did the secretaries wait ?	yes
The professors resigned , and the actors thanked the doctors .	Did the professors resign ?	yes
The senators arrived , and the judge introduced the author .	Did the senators arrive ?	yes
The judge shouted , and the secretaries danced .	Did the judge shout ?	yes
The students shouted , and the scientists avoided the athlete .	Did the scientists avoid the athlete ?	yes
The doctors encouraged the author , and the athlete advised the tourists .	Did the doctors encourage the author ?	yes
The actor resigned , and the secretary arrived .	Did the actor resign ?	yes
The secretaries danced , and the bankers performed .	Did the bankers perform ?	yes
The author performed , and the scientists avoided the lawyers .	Did the author perform ?	yes
The banker slept , and the lawyers saw the authors .	Did the banker sleep ?	yes
The judges performed , and the actor saw the manager .	Did the judges perform ?	yes
The athlete arrived , and the manager introduced the banker .	Did the athlete arrive ?	yes
The student avoided the manager , and the authors shouted .	Did the student avoid the manager ?	yes
The author waited , and the bankers helped the student .	Did the author wait ?	yes
The scientists recognized the actor , and the professors thanked the artists .	Did the professors thank the artists ?	yes
The professors shouted , and the scientists resigned .	Did the professors shout ?	yes
The bankers called the actors , and the senators avoided the authors .	Did the senators avoid the authors ?	yes
The lawyer performed , and the professors supported the managers .	Did the professors support the managers ?	yes
The secretary supported the president , and the judges arrived .	Did the secretary support the president ?	yes
The actor waited , and the manager believed the student .	Did the manager believe the student ?	yes
The athlete admired the tourists , and the manager stopped the secretary .	Did the manager stop the secretary ?	yes
The tourist recognized the judge , and the scientists stopped the actors .	Did the scientists stop the actors ?	yes
The presidents recognized the actors , and the secretary ran .	Did the presidents recognize the actors ?	yes
The secretary called the author , and the managers ran .	Did the secretary call the author ?	yes
The professor thanked the secretaries , and the senator waited .	Did the senator wait ?	yes
The tourists mentioned the judges , and the actor called the author .	Did the actor call the author ?	yes
The judges helped the secretaries , and the senators avoided the doctors .	Did the senators avoid the doctors ?	yes
The scientists arrived , and the actors slept .	Did the actors sleep ?	yes
The author arrived , and the presidents contacted the actors .	Did the author arrive ?	yes
The artists believed the manager , and the tourists resigned .	Did the artists believe the manager ?	yes
The secretary admired the authors , and the doctors believed the artists .	Did the doctors believe the artists ?	yes
The banker resigned , and the lawyer admired the manager .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
The scientist ran , and the doctors encouraged the student .	Did the doctors encourage the student ?	yes
The scientist thanked the tourist , and the authors avoided the senators .	Did the scientist thank the tourist ?	yes
The senator called the doctors , and the bankers mentioned the actor .	Did the bankers mention the actor ?	yes
The students supported the author , and the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	yes
The authors stopped the actors , and the scientist performed .	Did the authors stop the actors ?	yes
The author encouraged the tourist , and the student ran .	Did the student run ?	yes
The artists contacted the presidents , and the judge ran .	Did the artists contact the presidents ?	yes
The actor recommended the banker , and the lawyer shouted .	Did the lawyer shout ?	yes
The secretary supported the banker , and the authors danced .	Did the secretary support the banker ?	yes
The senator called the bankers , and the manager encouraged the tourists .	Did the manager encourage the tourists ?	yes
The professors admired the secretary , and the scientist supported the actors .	Did the scientist support the actors ?	yes
The athletes saw the bankers , and the professor slept .	Did the athletes see the bankers ?	yes
The author introduced the tourist , and the actor resigned .	Did the actor resign ?	yes
The lawyer advised the artist , and the authors believed the manager .	Did the authors believe the manager ?	yes
The actor believed the secretaries , and the manager shouted .	Did the manager shout ?	yes
The authors helped the tourist , and the artist supported the president .	Did the authors help the tourist ?	yes
The student helped the judges , and the professors slept .	Did the professors sleep ?	yes
The senator slept , and the artists performed .	Did the senator sleep ?	yes
The president thanked the secretary , and the doctors arrived .	Did the doctors arrive ?	yes
The athletes advised the scientist , and the judges waited .	Did the judges wait ?	yes
The student danced , and the artist avoided the authors .	Did the artist avoid the authors ?	yes
The actor advised the bankers , and the tourists waited .	Did the actor advise the bankers ?	yes
The managers saw the lawyer , and the scientist avoided the authors .	Did the scientist avoid the authors ?	yes
The actor recognized the athletes , and the senators recommended the secretary .	Did the senators recommend the secretary ?	yes
The professors believed the secretary , and the doctor contacted the judge .	Did the professors believe the secretary ?	yes
The actors ran , and the managers recognized the author .	Did the managers recognize the author ?	yes
The professors ran , and the presidents advised the doctors .	Did the professors run ?	yes
The artist helped the athletes , and the professor mentioned the doctor .	Did the professor mention the doctor ?	yes
The judge called the doctors , and the banker resigned .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
The presidents introduced the scientist , and the athlete danced .	Did the athlete dance ?	yes
The student waited , and the senator advised the doctors .	Did the senator advise the doctors ?	yes
The professor performed , and the athlete recognized the judge .	Did the athlete recognize the judge ?	yes
The athletes encouraged the tourist , and the manager arrived .	Did the manager arrive ?	yes
The judges resigned , and the actors introduced the athlete .	Did the actors introduce the athlete ?	yes
The president shouted , and the senator saw the tourists .	Did the senator see the tourists ?	yes
The manager ran , and the judge arrived .	Did the judge arrive ?	yes
The secretary avoided the students , and the professors contacted the senators .	Did the professors contact the senators ?	yes
The judges arrived , and the students introduced the actor .	Did the judges arrive ?	yes
The athletes saw the bankers , and the senators performed .	Did the athletes see the bankers ?	yes
The students avoided the doctors , and the senator resigned .	Did the students avoid the doctors ?	yes
The scientist slept , and the judge helped the lawyer .	Did the judge help the lawyer ?	yes
The scientist ran , and the tourist stopped the managers .	Did the scientist run ?	yes
The doctor advised the athletes , and the managers called the judge .	Did the doctor advise the athletes ?	yes
The student slept , and the actor resigned .	Did the actor resign ?	yes
The authors advised the lawyer , and the professor thanked the judge .	Did the professor thank the judge ?	yes
The students supported the manager , and the athlete recognized the artist .	Did the students support the manager ?	yes
The senator encouraged the tourist , and the doctor resigned .	Did the doctor resign ?	yes
The professors advised the students , and the scientist saw the secretaries .	Did the professors advise the students ?	yes
The actors saw the tourists , and the athlete advised the president .	Did the actors see the tourists ?	yes
The judge stopped the tourists , and the doctors mentioned the authors .	Did the doctors mention the authors ?	yes
The tourists advised the bankers , and the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	yes
The tourist called the doctor , and the president resigned .	Did the president resign ?	yes
The student admired the bankers , and the senators danced .	Did the senators dance ?	yes
The student slept , and the senators mentioned the manager .	Did the student sleep ?	yes
The authors avoided the managers , and the professors danced .	Did the professors dance ?	yes
The president saw the bankers , and the scientist introduced the doctors .	Did the president see the bankers ?	yes
The banker waited , and the secretary recognized the doctor .	Did the banker wait ?	yes
The judge encouraged the doctor , and the bankers recognized the artists .	Did the bankers recognize the artists ?	yes
The judge helped the athletes , and the professor recommended the senator .	Did the professor recommend the senator ?	yes
The lawyers slept , and the authors performed .	Did the authors perform ?	yes
The judge encouraged the authors , and the manager believed the bankers .	Did the judge encourage the authors ?	yes
The judge supported the athlete , and the scientists saw the student .	Did the judge support the athlete ?	yes
The student performed , and the professors contacted the president .	Did the student perform ?	yes
The banker helped the scientists , and the presidents waited .	Did the banker help the scientists ?	yes
The authors believed the judge , and the doctors advised the presidents .	Did the authors believe the judge ?	yes
The judges slept , and the banker thanked the artist .	Did the banker thank the artist ?	yes
The tourist advised the manager , and the judge slept .	Did the tourist advise the manager ?	yes
The secretary called the doctors , and the tourist thanked the manager .	Did the secretary call the doctors ?	yes
The president believed the manager , and the athlete mentioned the author .	Did the president believe the manager ?	yes
The author encouraged the students , and the presidents slept .	Did the author encourage the students ?	yes
The authors recommended the doctor , and the lawyers encouraged the professors .	Did the lawyers encourage the professors ?	yes
The lawyer saw the scientist , and the athlete recognized the judge .	Did the athlete recognize the judge ?	yes
The actor introduced the managers , and the lawyers encouraged the athletes .	Did the actor introduce the managers ?	yes
The author slept , and the senator called the president .	Did the senator call the president ?	yes
The tourist encouraged the lawyer , and the actors advised the student .	Did the tourist encourage the lawyer ?	yes
The scientists shouted , and the secretary supported the presidents .	Did the scientists shout ?	yes
The students slept , and the author introduced the bankers .	Did the students sleep ?	yes
The presidents avoided the tourist , and the manager performed .	Did the presidents avoid the tourist ?	yes
The presidents admired the tourists , and the scientists saw the professor .	Did the scientists see the professor ?	yes
The banker introduced the secretaries , and the lawyer waited .	Did the banker introduce the secretaries ?	yes
The athletes ran , and the doctors mentioned the president .	Did the doctors mention the president ?	yes
The artist avoided the secretaries , and the lawyer recognized the judges .	Did the artist avoid the secretaries ?	yes
The doctors waited , and the students slept .	Did the students sleep ?	yes
The artists helped the judge , and the bankers called the tourists .	Did the bankers call the tourists ?	yes
The presidents shouted , and the athlete mentioned the secretaries .	Did the athlete mention the secretaries ?	yes
The actor thanked the tourist , and the judges ran .	Did the judges run ?	yes
The secretaries shouted , and the athletes introduced the doctors .	Did the secretaries shout ?	yes
The student waited , and the judges shouted .	Did the student wait ?	yes
The professor waited , and the tourist recognized the judges .	Did the tourist recognize the judges ?	yes
Clearly the author encouraged the actors .	Did the author encourage the actors ?	yes
Of course the doctors saw the secretary .	Did the doctors see the secretary ?	yes
Suddenly the scientist introduced the artist .	Did the scientist introduce the artist ?	yes
Without a doubt the senator recommended the professors .	Did the senator recommend the professors ?	yes
Clearly the author believed the banker .	Did the author believe the banker ?	yes
Suddenly the tourists advised the manager .	Did the tourists advise the manager ?	yes
Of course the athletes performed .	Did the athletes perform ?	yes
Obviously the bankers contacted the judges .	Did the bankers contact the judges ?	yes
Definitely the artists admired the scientists .	Did the artists admire the scientists ?	yes
Certainly the tourists resigned .	Did the tourists resign ?	yes
Certainly the scientist waited .	Did the scientist wait ?	yes
Clearly the doctor slept .	Did the doctor sleep ?	yes
Without a doubt the doctor believed the athletes .	Did the doctor believe the athletes ?	yes
Definitely the author danced .	Did the author dance ?	yes
Obviously the doctor encouraged the actors .	Did the doctor encourage the actors ?	yes
Definitely the secretaries stopped the scientist .	Did the secretaries stop the scientist ?	yes
Suddenly the authors avoided the students .	Did the authors avoid the students ?	yes
Suddenly the doctor encouraged the scientists .	Did the doctor encourage the scientists ?	yes
Obviously the author ran .	Did the author run ?	yes
Clearly the athlete advised the scientist .	Did the athlete advise the scientist ?	yes
Of course the judges danced .	Did the judges dance ?	yes
Clearly the lawyers ran .	Did the lawyers run ?	yes
Without a doubt the lawyers shouted .	Did the lawyers shout ?	yes
Obviously the actor avoided the professors .	Did the actor avoid the professors ?	yes
Of course the secretary encouraged the doctor .	Did the secretary encourage the doctor ?	yes
Obviously the actors arrived .	Did the actors arrive ?	yes
Certainly the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	yes
Clearly the judges recognized the senators .	Did the judges recognize the senators ?	yes
Obviously the athlete resigned .	Did the athlete resign ?	yes
Without a doubt the author thanked the professors .	Did the author thank the professors ?	yes
Suddenly the doctors performed .	Did the doctors perform ?	yes
Obviously the artist stopped the managers .	Did the artist stop the managers ?	yes
Without a doubt the banker believed the managers .	Did the banker believe the managers ?	yes
Suddenly the artists ran .	Did the artists run ?	yes
Obviously the authors thanked the student .	Did the authors thank the student ?	yes
Without a doubt the professor slept .	Did the professor sleep ?	yes
Certainly the senator supported the authors .	Did the senator support the authors ?	yes
Clearly the president thanked the tourist .	Did the president thank the tourist ?	yes
Without a doubt the senators advised the doctors .	Did the senators advise the doctors ?	yes
Obviously the doctor admired the managers .	Did the doctor admire the managers ?	yes
Certainly the actor recognized the doctor .	Did the actor recognize the doctor ?	yes
Without a doubt the professors stopped the secretaries .	Did the professors stop the secretaries ?	yes
Of course the doctors called the lawyers .	Did the doctors call the lawyers ?	yes
Without a doubt the tourists supported the scientist .	Did the tourists support the scientist ?	yes
Clearly the doctor contacted the secretaries .	Did the doctor contact the secretaries ?	yes
Obviously the professors contacted the students .	Did the professors contact the students ?	yes
Certainly the managers mentioned the president .	Did the managers mention the president ?	yes
Definitely the scientists ran .	Did the scientists run ?	yes
Suddenly the actor stopped the lawyer .	Did the actor stop the lawyer ?	yes
Definitely the senators slept .	Did the senators sleep ?	yes
Definitely the scientists supported the tourist .	Did the scientists support the tourist ?	yes
Suddenly the artist avoided the students .	Did the artist avoid the students ?	yes
Obviously the judges slept .	Did the judges sleep ?	yes
Of course the author saw the artists .	Did the author see the artists ?	yes
Definitely the scientists advised the lawyer .	Did the scientists advise the lawyer ?	yes
Clearly the senator waited .	Did the senator wait ?	yes
Clearly the lawyers helped the senators .	Did the lawyers help the senators ?	yes
Suddenly the senators called the authors .	Did the senators call the authors ?	yes
Suddenly the professors danced .	Did the professors dance ?	yes
Clearly the lawyer believed the presidents .	Did the lawyer believe the presidents ?	yes
Obviously the students advised the lawyers .	Did the students advise the lawyers ?	yes
Definitely the president slept .	Did the president sleep ?	yes
Suddenly the scientist mentioned the actor .	Did the scientist mention the actor ?	yes
Clearly the president waited .	Did the president wait ?	yes
Obviously the actor supported the scientist .	Did the actor support the scientist ?	yes
Of course the managers shouted .	Did the managers shout ?	yes
Obviously the tourists avoided the scientists .	Did the tourists avoid the scientists ?	yes
Suddenly the doctor saw the athletes .	Did the doctor see the athletes ?	yes
Certainly the students avoided the athlete .	Did the students avoid the athlete ?	yes
Without a doubt the athlete recommended the artist .	Did the athlete recommend the artist ?	yes
Of course the professors ran .	Did the professors run ?	yes
Certainly the doctors recognized the manager .	Did the doctors recognize the manager ?	yes
Obviously the actors believed the president .	Did the actors believe the president ?	yes
Of course the author believed the scientists .	Did the author believe the scientists ?	yes
Without a doubt the athlete encouraged the author .	Did the athlete encourage the author ?	yes
Certainly the judges recommended the presidents .	Did the judges recommend the presidents ?	yes
Obviously the scientist resigned .	Did the scientist resign ?	yes
Definitely the senators stopped the managers .	Did the senators stop the managers ?	yes
Obviously the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	yes
Without a doubt the scientist waited .	Did the scientist wait ?	yes
Obviously the professor stopped the senator .	Did the professor stop the senator ?	yes
Definitely the lawyer advised the secretaries .	Did the lawyer advise the secretaries ?	yes
Certainly the lawyer waited .	Did the lawyer wait ?	yes
Definitely the scientist ran .	Did the scientist run ?	yes
Of course the tourist arrived .	Did the tourist arrive ?	yes
Obviously the senators mentioned the actors .	Did the senators mention the actors ?	yes
Of course the judge recommended the authors .	Did the judge recommend the authors ?	yes
Clearly the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	yes
Suddenly the judge stopped the presidents .	Did the judge stop the presidents ?	yes
Certainly the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	yes
Of course the athletes avoided the students .	Did the athletes avoid the students ?	yes
Obviously the author introduced the lawyers .	Did the author introduce the lawyers ?	yes
Certainly the judge mentioned the student .	Did the judge mention the student ?	yes
Suddenly the secretary slept .	Did the secretary sleep ?	yes
Definitely the doctor mentioned the secretary .	Did the doctor mention the secretary ?	yes
Obviously the actor contacted the professor .	Did the actor contact the professor ?	yes
Clearly the artist waited .	Did the artist wait ?	yes
Without a doubt the professor danced .	Did the professor dance ?	yes
Of course the authors supported the managers .	Did the authors support the managers ?	yes
Certainly the artist recognized the scientist .	Did the artist recognize the scientist ?	yes
Without a doubt the lawyer advised the secretary .	Did the lawyer advise the secretary ?	yes
Suddenly the athletes avoided the lawyer .	Did the athletes avoid the lawyer ?	yes
Certainly the manager arrived .	Did the manager arrive ?	yes
Obviously the artists avoided the authors .	Did the artists avoid the authors ?	yes
Certainly the artist contacted the judge .	Did the artist contact the judge ?	yes
Certainly the scientists supported the professor .	Did the scientists support the professor ?	yes
Without a doubt the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	yes
Without a doubt the senators danced .	Did the senators dance ?	yes
Without a doubt the secretaries supported the scientist .	Did the secretaries support the scientist ?	yes
Certainly the professors encouraged the artists .	Did the professors encourage the artists ?	yes
Clearly the doctor advised the athletes .	Did the doctor advise the athletes ?	yes
Obviously the professor danced .	Did the professor dance ?	yes
Certainly the senators saw the professor .	Did the senators see the professor ?	yes
Definitely the lawyer mentioned the authors .	Did the lawyer mention the authors ?	yes
Of course the lawyer introduced the professor .	Did the lawyer introduce the professor ?	yes
Obviously the presidents admired the manager .	Did the presidents admire the manager ?	yes
Obviously the professor called the artists .	Did the professor call the artists ?	yes
Suddenly the scientist called the professors .	Did the scientist call the professors ?	yes
Certainly the authors helped the scientists .	Did the authors help the scientists ?	yes
Certainly the president believed the student .	Did the president believe the student ?	yes
Clearly the managers contacted the secretaries .	Did the managers contact the secretaries ?	yes
Clearly the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	yes
Suddenly the actors slept .	Did the actors sleep ?	yes
Certainly the actors helped the secretaries .	Did the actors help the secretaries ?	yes
Certainly the managers encouraged the author .	Did the managers encourage the author ?	yes
Obviously the judges performed .	Did the judges perform ?	yes
Definitely the athletes saw the professors .	Did the athletes see the professors ?	yes
Suddenly the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	yes
Suddenly the athlete helped the bankers .	Did the athlete help the bankers ?	yes
Of course the students avoided the professors .	Did the students avoid the professors ?	yes
Obviously the bankers helped the senators .	Did the bankers help the senators ?	yes
Certainly the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	yes
Clearly the tourist admired the president .	Did the tourist admire the president ?	yes
Clearly the professors avoided the actors .	Did the professors avoid the actors ?	yes
Of course the senators recognized the doctor .	Did the senators recognize the doctor ?	yes
Clearly the athletes recognized the tourists .	Did the athletes recognize the tourists ?	yes
Clearly the senators danced .	Did the senators dance ?	yes
Clearly the senators contacted the author .	Did the senators contact the author ?	yes
Definitely the judges arrived .	Did the judges arrive ?	yes
Clearly the senator helped the athlete .	Did the senator help the athlete ?	yes
Suddenly the artists slept .	Did the artists sleep ?	yes
Of course the senator slept .	Did the senator sleep ?	yes
Definitely the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	yes
Of course the banker mentioned the tourists .	Did the banker mention the tourists ?	yes
Clearly the authors saw the tourists .	Did the authors see the tourists ?	yes
Clearly the doctors encouraged the lawyer .	Did the doctors encourage the lawyer ?	yes
Clearly the senators performed .	Did the senators perform ?	yes
Obviously the judges admired the scientist .	Did the judges admire the scientist ?	yes
Certainly the scientists saw the senator .	Did the scientists see the senator ?	yes
Of course the actors recognized the doctors .	Did the actors recognize the doctors ?	yes
Of course the manager mentioned the judge .	Did the manager mention the judge ?	yes
Definitely the managers called the actors .	Did the managers call the actors ?	yes
Certainly the scientists arrived .	Did the scientists arrive ?	yes
Clearly the doctor helped the professor .	Did the doctor help the professor ?	yes
Definitely the athletes believed the presidents .	Did the athletes believe the presidents ?	yes
Without a doubt the senators mentioned the doctor .	Did the senators mention the doctor ?	yes
Definitely the authors advised the tourist .	Did the authors advise the tourist ?	yes
Certainly the athlete arrived .	Did the athlete arrive ?	yes
Definitely the secretary supported the judges .	Did the secretary support the judges ?	yes
Certainly the doctor introduced the senators .	Did the doctor introduce the senators ?	yes
Suddenly the professors mentioned the scientist .	Did the professors mention the scientist ?	yes
Obviously the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	yes
Obviously the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	yes
Clearly the doctor encouraged the judges .	Did the doctor encourage the judges ?	yes
Of course the secretaries encouraged the actors .	Did the secretaries encourage the actors ?	yes
Clearly the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	yes
Of course the bankers introduced the secretary .	Did the bankers introduce the secretary ?	yes
Of course the author admired the students .	Did the author admire the students ?	yes
Clearly the professors mentioned the scientists .	Did the professors mention the scientists ?	yes
Suddenly the professors believed the secretaries .	Did the professors believe the secretaries ?	yes
Of course the secretary recommended the authors .	Did the secretary recommend the authors ?	yes
Certainly the student recommended the professors .	Did the student recommend the professors ?	yes
Obviously the student introduced the scientist .	Did the student introduce the scientist ?	yes
Clearly the doctors admired the author .	Did the doctors admire the author ?	yes
Of course the president mentioned the judge .	Did the president mention the judge ?	yes
Suddenly the scientists encouraged the bankers .	Did the scientists encourage the bankers ?	yes
Definitely the scientists called the presidents .	Did the scientists call the presidents ?	yes
Without a doubt the judges called the tourists .	Did the judges call the tourists ?	yes
Clearly the bankers danced .	Did the bankers dance ?	yes
Certainly the judge mentioned the tourist .	Did the judge mention the tourist ?	yes
Of course the tourists thanked the lawyers .	Did the tourists thank the lawyers ?	yes
Of course the bankers contacted the secretary .	Did the bankers contact the secretary ?	yes
Of course the judge performed .	Did the judge perform ?	yes
Of course the authors helped the student .	Did the authors help the student ?	yes
Certainly the athlete danced .	Did the athlete dance ?	yes
Definitely the lawyers mentioned the scientist .	Did the lawyers mention the scientist ?	yes
Suddenly the student believed the athletes .	Did the student believe the athletes ?	yes
Clearly the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	yes
Clearly the actors stopped the author .	Did the actors stop the author ?	yes
Suddenly the lawyers introduced the tourists .	Did the lawyers introduce the tourists ?	yes
Definitely the professors danced .	Did the professors dance ?	yes
Of course the manager resigned .	Did the manager resign ?	yes
Of course the actors admired the author .	Did the actors admire the author ?	yes
Definitely the president advised the scientist .	Did the president advise the scientist ?	yes
Certainly the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	yes
Definitely the tourists resigned .	Did the tourists resign ?	yes
Obviously the authors performed .	Did the authors perform ?	yes
Without a doubt the professor contacted the judge .	Did the professor contact the judge ?	yes
Definitely the bankers shouted .	Did the bankers shout ?	yes
Clearly the secretaries called the students .	Did the secretaries call the students ?	yes
Certainly the banker helped the author .	Did the banker help the author ?	yes
Without a doubt the athletes mentioned the artists .	Did the athletes mention the artists ?	yes
Suddenly the senator helped the scientist .	Did the senator help the scientist ?	yes
Suddenly the actors introduced the senator .	Did the actors introduce the senator ?	yes
Definitely the manager recognized the student .	Did the manager recognize the student ?	yes
Clearly the lawyers believed the tourists .	Did the lawyers believe the tourists ?	yes
Without a doubt the doctor stopped the athletes .	Did the doctor stop the athletes ?	yes
Obviously the managers stopped the author .	Did the managers stop the author ?	yes
Of course the professors admired the banker .	Did the professors admire the banker ?	yes
Of course the banker advised the student .	Did the banker advise the student ?	yes
Without a doubt the president encouraged the secretary .	Did the president encourage the secretary ?	yes
Suddenly the actor waited .	Did the actor wait ?	yes
Obviously the author introduced the scientists .	Did the author introduce the scientists ?	yes
Obviously the bankers contacted the artists .	Did the bankers contact the artists ?	yes
Suddenly the doctor saw the secretaries .	Did the doctor see the secretaries ?	yes
Clearly the athletes believed the author .	Did the athletes believe the author ?	yes
Obviously the presidents supported the judge .	Did the presidents support the judge ?	yes
Without a doubt the scientists resigned .	Did the scientists resign ?	yes
Obviously the authors recognized the actor .	Did the authors recognize the actor ?	yes
Without a doubt the managers stopped the lawyers .	Did the managers stop the lawyers ?	yes
Definitely the artists danced .	Did the artists dance ?	yes
Definitely the athletes believed the actor .	Did the athletes believe the actor ?	yes
Of course the professors mentioned the authors .	Did the professors mention the authors ?	yes
Suddenly the bankers performed .	Did the bankers perform ?	yes
Certainly the bankers admired the judges .	Did the bankers admire the judges ?	yes
Obviously the artist called the presidents .	Did the artist call the presidents ?	yes
Without a doubt the presidents slept .	Did the presidents sleep ?	yes
Obviously the tourists waited .	Did the tourists wait ?	yes
Of course the actors performed .	Did the actors perform ?	yes
Obviously the secretary encouraged the artists .	Did the secretary encourage the artists ?	yes
Definitely the president admired the actors .	Did the president admire the actors ?	yes
Certainly the student avoided the doctors .	Did the student avoid the doctors ?	yes
Clearly the presidents shouted .	Did the presidents shout ?	yes
Clearly the manager avoided the students .	Did the manager avoid the students ?	yes
Obviously the senator thanked the athlete .	Did the senator thank the athlete ?	yes
Certainly the secretaries introduced the athletes .	Did the secretaries introduce the athletes ?	yes
Certainly the tourists helped the lawyer .	Did the tourists help the lawyer ?	yes
Definitely the manager ran .	Did the manager run ?	yes
Without a doubt the tourists encouraged the manager .	Did the tourists encourage the manager ?	yes
Definitely the lawyers performed .	Did the lawyers perform ?	yes
Of course the bankers thanked the judges .	Did the bankers thank the judges ?	yes
Of course the tourists resigned .	Did the tourists resign ?	yes
Of course the artists waited .	Did the artists wait ?	yes
Certainly the athletes arrived .	Did the athletes arrive ?	yes
Clearly the athlete avoided the managers .	Did the athlete avoid the managers ?	yes
Definitely the authors ran .	Did the authors run ?	yes
Clearly the artist helped the professor .	Did the artist help the professor ?	yes
Clearly the scientist resigned .	Did the scientist resign ?	yes
Clearly the tourist introduced the artists .	Did the tourist introduce the artists ?	yes
Without a doubt the tourist recommended the managers .	Did the tourist recommend the managers ?	yes
Certainly the banker helped the senators .	Did the banker help the senators ?	yes
Definitely the tourist saw the author .	Did the tourist see the author ?	yes
Suddenly the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	yes
Without a doubt the artists waited .	Did the artists wait ?	yes
Without a doubt the president helped the lawyer .	Did the president help the lawyer ?	yes
Of course the tourists admired the authors .	Did the tourists admire the authors ?	yes
Without a doubt the bankers saw the students .	Did the bankers see the students ?	yes
Clearly the president helped the artist .	Did the president help the artist ?	yes
Definitely the authors advised the doctor .	Did the authors advise the doctor ?	yes
Suddenly the professor slept .	Did the professor sleep ?	yes
Certainly the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	yes
Obviously the professor waited .	Did the professor wait ?	yes
Certainly the artists advised the banker .	Did the artists advise the banker ?	yes
Certainly the actor shouted .	Did the actor shout ?	yes
Clearly the author encouraged the artist .	Did the author encourage the artist ?	yes
Suddenly the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	yes
Definitely the judges performed .	Did the judges perform ?	yes
Obviously the athlete avoided the professors .	Did the athlete avoid the professors ?	yes
Without a doubt the artist thanked the tourist .	Did the artist thank the tourist ?	yes
Obviously the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	yes
Clearly the senators ran .	Did the senators run ?	yes
Suddenly the president ran .	Did the president run ?	yes
Without a doubt the presidents contacted the banker .	Did the presidents contact the banker ?	yes
Definitely the lawyer saw the secretaries .	Did the lawyer see the secretaries ?	yes
Of course the scientist recommended the doctors .	Did the scientist recommend the doctors ?	yes
Obviously the artist believed the doctors .	Did the artist believe the doctors ?	yes
Clearly the lawyers called the senator .	Did the lawyers call the senator ?	yes
Of course the athletes recognized the doctor .	Did the athletes recognize the doctor ?	yes
Of course the artist admired the professors .	Did the artist admire the professors ?	yes
Clearly the doctor recommended the lawyers .	Did the doctor recommend the lawyers ?	yes
Without a doubt the doctor introduced the banker .	Did the doctor introduce the banker ?	yes
Suddenly the scientist danced .	Did the scientist dance ?	yes
Definitely the tourists waited .	Did the tourists wait ?	yes
Obviously the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	yes
Without a doubt the artist supported the tourist .	Did the artist support the tourist ?	yes
Certainly the doctors arrived .	Did the doctors arrive ?	yes
Certainly the professor thanked the secretary .	Did the professor thank the secretary ?	yes
Clearly the bankers shouted .	Did the bankers shout ?	yes
Obviously the doctor recommended the senator .	Did the doctor recommend the senator ?	yes
Obviously the managers danced .	Did the managers dance ?	yes
Without a doubt the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	yes
Certainly the scientists recognized the president .	Did the scientists recognize the president ?	yes
Certainly the secretaries admired the judges .	Did the secretaries admire the judges ?	yes
Certainly the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	yes
Without a doubt the lawyer shouted .	Did the lawyer shout ?	yes
Clearly the artist called the tourists .	Did the artist call the tourists ?	yes
Without a doubt the doctors mentioned the presidents .	Did the doctors mention the presidents ?	yes
Obviously the managers resigned .	Did the managers resign ?	yes
Clearly the managers slept .	Did the managers sleep ?	yes
Obviously the author stopped the artist .	Did the author stop the artist ?	yes
Certainly the president performed .	Did the president perform ?	yes
Certainly the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	yes
Suddenly the artist avoided the scientist .	Did the artist avoid the scientist ?	yes
Clearly the professor thanked the scientists .	Did the professor thank the scientists ?	yes
Without a doubt the professors avoided the students .	Did the professors avoid the students ?	yes
Certainly the doctors advised the presidents .	Did the doctors advise the presidents ?	yes
Without a doubt the secretaries recommended the tourists .	Did the secretaries recommend the tourists ?	yes
Certainly the tourists ran .	Did the tourists run ?	yes
Suddenly the managers recognized the athletes .	Did the managers recognize the athletes ?	yes
Suddenly the artists supported the actors .	Did the artists support the actors ?	yes
Obviously the secretaries danced .	Did the secretaries dance ?	yes
Suddenly the student ran .	Did the student run ?	yes
Clearly the tourists resigned .	Did the tourists resign ?	yes
Of course the professor ran .	Did the professor run ?	yes
Definitely the doctor encouraged the managers .	Did the doctor encourage the managers ?	yes
Of course the banker recommended the doctors .	Did the banker recommend the doctors ?	yes
Clearly the scientists mentioned the banker .	Did the scientists mention the banker ?	yes
Certainly the judge recognized the authors .	Did the judge recognize the authors ?	yes
Of course the secretaries believed the tourist .	Did the secretaries believe the tourist ?	yes
Of course the judge supported the tourists .	Did the judge support the tourists ?	yes
Certainly the tourist helped the doctors .	Did the tourist help the doctors ?	yes
Clearly the lawyer recognized the presidents .	Did the lawyer recognize the presidents ?	yes
Without a doubt the bankers mentioned the scientists .	Did the bankers mention the scientists ?	yes
Obviously the doctors helped the professor .	Did the doctors help the professor ?	yes
Of course the athletes admired the lawyer .	Did the athletes admire the lawyer ?	yes
Clearly the judge helped the scientists .	Did the judge help the scientists ?	yes
Certainly the tourist encouraged the scientist .	Did the tourist encourage the scientist ?	yes
Suddenly the lawyers advised the authors .	Did the lawyers advise the authors ?	yes
Clearly the senators thanked the lawyers .	Did the senators thank the lawyers ?	yes
Definitely the managers contacted the athlete .	Did the managers contact the athlete ?	yes
Certainly the manager helped the artist .	Did the manager help the artist ?	yes
Clearly the scientists slept .	Did the scientists sleep ?	yes
Certainly the secretaries contacted the manager .	Did the secretaries contact the manager ?	yes
Definitely the judge supported the senator .	Did the judge support the senator ?	yes
Suddenly the judges advised the scientists .	Did the judges advise the scientists ?	yes
Obviously the artists introduced the students .	Did the artists introduce the students ?	yes
Clearly the actor thanked the senator .	Did the actor thank the senator ?	yes
Certainly the president admired the secretaries .	Did the president admire the secretaries ?	yes
Certainly the athletes recognized the lawyers .	Did the athletes recognize the lawyers ?	yes
Clearly the professor saw the athlete .	Did the professor see the athlete ?	yes
Without a doubt the tourist thanked the president .	Did the tourist thank the president ?	yes
Without a doubt the student helped the doctor .	Did the student help the doctor ?	yes
Obviously the bankers saw the judge .	Did the bankers see the judge ?	yes
Of course the doctors saw the tourist .	Did the doctors see the tourist ?	yes
Certainly the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	yes
Of course the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	yes
Clearly the manager helped the presidents .	Did the manager help the presidents ?	yes
Without a doubt the managers advised the lawyers .	Did the managers advise the lawyers ?	yes
Obviously the author contacted the athlete .	Did the author contact the athlete ?	yes
Suddenly the judge mentioned the professor .	Did the judge mention the professor ?	yes
Obviously the scientists shouted .	Did the scientists shout ?	yes
Obviously the lawyers slept .	Did the lawyers sleep ?	yes
Of course the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	yes
Obviously the actor resigned .	Did the actor resign ?	yes
Suddenly the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	yes
Certainly the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	yes
Without a doubt the artists contacted the judge .	Did the artists contact the judge ?	yes
Of course the president saw the scientists .	Did the president see the scientists ?	yes
Suddenly the president shouted .	Did the president shout ?	yes
Clearly the lawyer called the scientists .	Did the lawyer call the scientists ?	yes
Certainly the senators performed .	Did the senators perform ?	yes
Obviously the artist introduced the presidents .	Did the artist introduce the presidents ?	yes
Obviously the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	yes
Clearly the scientist encouraged the secretary .	Did the scientist encourage the secretary ?	yes
Without a doubt the judge recognized the senators .	Did the judge recognize the senators ?	yes
Of course the secretaries avoided the managers .	Did the secretaries avoid the managers ?	yes
Without a doubt the senators waited .	Did the senators wait ?	yes
Certainly the athletes called the doctor .	Did the athletes call the doctor ?	yes
Suddenly the tourists performed .	Did the tourists perform ?	yes
Without a doubt the secretaries mentioned the artist .	Did the secretaries mention the artist ?	yes
Without a doubt the tourists stopped the scientist .	Did the tourists stop the scientist ?	yes
Suddenly the author mentioned the senators .	Did the author mention the senators ?	yes
Clearly the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	yes
Suddenly the lawyers encouraged the tourist .	Did the lawyers encourage the tourist ?	yes
Obviously the tourist stopped the scientists .	Did the tourist stop the scientists ?	yes
Obviously the managers supported the author .	Did the managers support the author ?	yes
Clearly the banker shouted .	Did the banker shout ?	yes
Without a doubt the student supported the authors .	Did the student support the authors ?	yes
Certainly the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	yes
Without a doubt the professor called the judges .	Did the professor call the judges ?	yes
Obviously the bankers shouted .	Did the bankers shout ?	yes
Of course the judge saw the bankers .	Did the judge see the bankers ?	yes
Suddenly the senators avoided the scientist .	Did the senators avoid the scientist ?	yes
Definitely the judge advised the professors .	Did the judge advise the professors ?	yes
Obviously the presidents slept .	Did the presidents sleep ?	yes
Without a doubt the author admired the secretaries .	Did the author admire the secretaries ?	yes
Suddenly the president stopped the authors .	Did the president stop the authors ?	yes
Clearly the senators slept .	Did the senators sleep ?	yes
Definitely the artists mentioned the professor .	Did the artists mention the professor ?	yes
Definitely the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	yes
Suddenly the judge advised the artists .	Did the judge advise the artists ?	yes
Clearly the author resigned .	Did the author resign ?	yes
Of course the judges admired the lawyers .	Did the judges admire the lawyers ?	yes
Without a doubt the doctors encouraged the tourists .	Did the doctors encourage the tourists ?	yes
Certainly the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
Of course the actors slept .	Did the actors sleep ?	yes
Obviously the secretary slept .	Did the secretary sleep ?	yes
Clearly the lawyer introduced the tourist .	Did the lawyer introduce the tourist ?	yes
Of course the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	yes
Definitely the lawyer supported the presidents .	Did the lawyer support the presidents ?	yes
Of course the presidents introduced the lawyers .	Did the presidents introduce the lawyers ?	yes
Obviously the artists admired the senator .	Did the artists admire the senator ?	yes
Suddenly the managers ran .	Did the managers run ?	yes
Certainly the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
Certainly the professor encouraged the athletes .	Did the professor encourage the athletes ?	yes
Clearly the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	yes
Certainly the banker admired the senator .	Did the banker admire the senator ?	yes
Certainly the student avoided the lawyer .	Did the student avoid the lawyer ?	yes
Clearly the doctor saw the scientists .	Did the doctor see the scientists ?	yes
Of course the doctor supported the tourists .	Did the doctor support the tourists ?	yes
Without a doubt the student admired the scientists .	Did the student admire the scientists ?	yes
Clearly the secretary slept .	Did the secretary sleep ?	yes
Certainly the actors arrived .	Did the actors arrive ?	yes
Certainly the scientist thanked the authors .	Did the scientist thank the authors ?	yes
Obviously the author slept .	Did the author sleep ?	yes
Of course the manager admired the actors .	Did the manager admire the actors ?	yes
Clearly the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	yes
Of course the lawyer thanked the scientist .	Did the lawyer thank the scientist ?	yes
Certainly the managers ran .	Did the managers run ?	yes
Definitely the scientists mentioned the actors .	Did the scientists mention the actors ?	yes
Of course the authors resigned .	Did the authors resign ?	yes
Without a doubt the manager avoided the doctors .	Did the manager avoid the doctors ?	yes
Clearly the artist supported the professor .	Did the artist support the professor ?	yes
Certainly the doctors ran .	Did the doctors run ?	yes
Without a doubt the authors danced .	Did the authors dance ?	yes
Without a doubt the professor helped the scientist .	Did the professor help the scientist ?	yes
Clearly the managers recommended the tourist .	Did the managers recommend the tourist ?	yes
Clearly the judge avoided the authors .	Did the judge avoid the authors ?	yes
Of course the artists admired the manager .	Did the artists admire the manager ?	yes
Suddenly the athletes stopped the students .	Did the athletes stop the students ?	yes
Without a doubt the tourists encouraged the lawyer .	Did the tourists encourage the lawyer ?	yes
Of course the author called the student .	Did the author call the student ?	yes
Of course the scientist arrived .	Did the scientist arrive ?	yes
Obviously the lawyers arrived .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
Obviously the lawyer avoided the scientists .	Did the lawyer avoid the scientists ?	yes
Of course the author mentioned the student .	Did the author mention the student ?	yes
Definitely the president arrived .	Did the president arrive ?	yes
Without a doubt the tourist recommended the banker .	Did the tourist recommend the banker ?	yes
Of course the actor resigned .	Did the actor resign ?	yes
Of course the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	yes
Suddenly the doctors encouraged the manager .	Did the doctors encourage the manager ?	yes
Clearly the secretaries slept .	Did the secretaries sleep ?	yes
Definitely the scientist thanked the student .	Did the scientist thank the student ?	yes
Certainly the judges helped the secretaries .	Did the judges help the secretaries ?	yes
Of course the students recommended the author .	Did the students recommend the author ?	yes
Obviously the professor recommended the author .	Did the professor recommend the author ?	yes
Suddenly the banker ran .	Did the banker run ?	yes
Of course the presidents called the professors .	Did the presidents call the professors ?	yes
Of course the tourist called the artists .	Did the tourist call the artists ?	yes
Certainly the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	yes
Certainly the author thanked the judges .	Did the author thank the judges ?	yes
Obviously the managers admired the professor .	Did the managers admire the professor ?	yes
Without a doubt the doctors waited .	Did the doctors wait ?	yes
Definitely the professors slept .	Did the professors sleep ?	yes
Clearly the tourists danced .	Did the tourists dance ?	yes
Obviously the artist recommended the authors .	Did the artist recommend the authors ?	yes
Clearly the doctors contacted the secretaries .	Did the doctors contact the secretaries ?	yes
Suddenly the actor contacted the scientist .	Did the actor contact the scientist ?	yes
Suddenly the artist supported the judge .	Did the artist support the judge ?	yes
Suddenly the scientist performed .	Did the scientist perform ?	yes
Definitely the tourists shouted .	Did the tourists shout ?	yes
Without a doubt the bankers arrived .	Did the bankers arrive ?	yes
Clearly the banker stopped the senators .	Did the banker stop the senators ?	yes
Certainly the tourists recognized the author .	Did the tourists recognize the author ?	yes
Without a doubt the actor slept .	Did the actor sleep ?	yes
Suddenly the author resigned .	Did the author resign ?	yes
Without a doubt the athletes encouraged the doctors .	Did the athletes encourage the doctors ?	yes
Of course the scientist admired the manager .	Did the scientist admire the manager ?	yes
Definitely the lawyers danced .	Did the lawyers dance ?	yes
Certainly the doctor stopped the athletes .	Did the doctor stop the athletes ?	yes
Of course the banker resigned .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
Obviously the manager believed the student .	Did the manager believe the student ?	yes
Suddenly the secretary mentioned the doctors .	Did the secretary mention the doctors ?	yes
Of course the lawyers danced .	Did the lawyers dance ?	yes
Suddenly the lawyers waited .	Did the lawyers wait ?	yes
Suddenly the secretary mentioned the presidents .	Did the secretary mention the presidents ?	yes
Obviously the scientists avoided the secretary .	Did the scientists avoid the secretary ?	yes
Definitely the tourist performed .	Did the tourist perform ?	yes
Definitely the athletes encouraged the authors .	Did the athletes encourage the authors ?	yes
Clearly the scientist mentioned the secretaries .	Did the scientist mention the secretaries ?	yes
Of course the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	yes
Suddenly the doctors stopped the president .	Did the doctors stop the president ?	yes
Of course the athletes stopped the actor .	Did the athletes stop the actor ?	yes
Obviously the scientists supported the students .	Did the scientists support the students ?	yes
Definitely the doctor called the author .	Did the doctor call the author ?	yes
Definitely the lawyers helped the senator .	Did the lawyers help the senator ?	yes
Without a doubt the judges thanked the tourists .	Did the judges thank the tourists ?	yes
Without a doubt the artists arrived .	Did the artists arrive ?	yes
Clearly the artists avoided the tourist .	Did the artists avoid the tourist ?	yes
Definitely the presidents admired the lawyer .	Did the presidents admire the lawyer ?	yes
Obviously the scientist stopped the athletes .	Did the scientist stop the athletes ?	yes
Of course the scientist advised the actors .	Did the scientist advise the actors ?	yes
Without a doubt the senator saw the secretary .	Did the senator see the secretary ?	yes
Clearly the doctor recommended the artists .	Did the doctor recommend the artists ?	yes
Without a doubt the actors recommended the tourists .	Did the actors recommend the tourists ?	yes
Definitely the doctor advised the actor .	Did the doctor advise the actor ?	yes
Without a doubt the actor believed the president .	Did the actor believe the president ?	yes
Certainly the lawyers supported the scientist .	Did the lawyers support the scientist ?	yes
Suddenly the secretary admired the artists .	Did the secretary admire the artists ?	yes
Without a doubt the manager arrived .	Did the manager arrive ?	yes
Obviously the managers admired the student .	Did the managers admire the student ?	yes
Suddenly the scientist slept .	Did the scientist sleep ?	yes
Without a doubt the manager admired the senators .	Did the manager admire the senators ?	yes
Of course the president called the lawyer .	Did the president call the lawyer ?	yes
Clearly the author recognized the athletes .	Did the author recognize the athletes ?	yes
Obviously the secretary waited .	Did the secretary wait ?	yes
Clearly the scientist saw the banker .	Did the scientist see the banker ?	yes
Of course the author called the professors .	Did the author call the professors ?	yes
Without a doubt the president slept .	Did the president sleep ?	yes
Definitely the student ran .	Did the student run ?	yes
Obviously the scientist advised the president .	Did the scientist advise the president ?	yes
Certainly the student slept .	Did the student sleep ?	yes
Clearly the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	yes
Definitely the athletes thanked the tourist .	Did the athletes thank the tourist ?	yes
Obviously the senators encouraged the author .	Did the senators encourage the author ?	yes
Clearly the scientists believed the manager .	Did the scientists believe the manager ?	yes
Certainly the lawyer contacted the author .	Did the lawyer contact the author ?	yes
Definitely the students contacted the president .	Did the students contact the president ?	yes
Of course the banker helped the doctor .	Did the banker help the doctor ?	yes
Without a doubt the authors thanked the banker .	Did the authors thank the banker ?	yes
Of course the athlete avoided the manager .	Did the athlete avoid the manager ?	yes
Definitely the presidents resigned .	Did the presidents resign ?	yes
Obviously the lawyers stopped the judges .	Did the lawyers stop the judges ?	yes
Suddenly the artists admired the managers .	Did the artists admire the managers ?	yes
Suddenly the scientists ran .	Did the scientists run ?	yes
Definitely the author believed the tourists .	Did the author believe the tourists ?	yes
Of course the manager admired the athletes .	Did the manager admire the athletes ?	yes
Definitely the secretary arrived .	Did the secretary arrive ?	yes
Obviously the manager mentioned the doctor .	Did the manager mention the doctor ?	yes
Of course the student performed .	Did the student perform ?	yes
Of course the presidents thanked the artists .	Did the presidents thank the artists ?	yes
Definitely the tourist resigned .	Did the tourist resign ?	yes
Clearly the professor encouraged the manager .	Did the professor encourage the manager ?	yes
Obviously the president resigned .	Did the president resign ?	yes
Obviously the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	yes
Without a doubt the professors avoided the student .	Did the professors avoid the student ?	yes
Clearly the professors shouted .	Did the professors shout ?	yes
Definitely the senators contacted the students .	Did the senators contact the students ?	yes
Suddenly the lawyers contacted the actor .	Did the lawyers contact the actor ?	yes
Certainly the students advised the tourist .	Did the students advise the tourist ?	yes
Without a doubt the scientists waited .	Did the scientists wait ?	yes
Without a doubt the senator helped the president .	Did the senator help the president ?	yes
Without a doubt the senators performed .	Did the senators perform ?	yes
Without a doubt the lawyers saw the scientist .	Did the lawyers see the scientist ?	yes
Definitely the managers encouraged the scientist .	Did the managers encourage the scientist ?	yes
Of course the tourists performed .	Did the tourists perform ?	yes
Clearly the banker saw the managers .	Did the banker see the managers ?	yes
Without a doubt the lawyer recommended the student .	Did the lawyer recommend the student ?	yes
Obviously the tourists saw the author .	Did the tourists see the author ?	yes
Definitely the lawyer performed .	Did the lawyer perform ?	yes
Without a doubt the manager helped the actor .	Did the manager help the actor ?	yes
Without a doubt the president performed .	Did the president perform ?	yes
Suddenly the athletes helped the lawyer .	Did the athletes help the lawyer ?	yes
Clearly the lawyer called the actor .	Did the lawyer call the actor ?	yes
Definitely the author advised the lawyer .	Did the author advise the lawyer ?	yes
Obviously the judges encouraged the doctors .	Did the judges encourage the doctors ?	yes
Certainly the actor recognized the manager .	Did the actor recognize the manager ?	yes
Without a doubt the doctors shouted .	Did the doctors shout ?	yes
Definitely the senator admired the author .	Did the senator admire the author ?	yes
Obviously the president mentioned the athletes .	Did the president mention the athletes ?	yes
Certainly the lawyers performed .	Did the lawyers perform ?	yes
Without a doubt the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	yes
Definitely the lawyer avoided the athlete .	Did the lawyer avoid the athlete ?	yes
Without a doubt the actors danced .	Did the actors dance ?	yes
Definitely the actors recommended the lawyer .	Did the actors recommend the lawyer ?	yes
Obviously the student encouraged the president .	Did the student encourage the president ?	yes
Without a doubt the tourist slept .	Did the tourist sleep ?	yes
Certainly the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	yes
Of course the presidents recommended the doctor .	Did the presidents recommend the doctor ?	yes
Of course the tourists slept .	Did the tourists sleep ?	yes
Clearly the tourist avoided the managers .	Did the tourist avoid the managers ?	yes
Clearly the doctor believed the judge .	Did the doctor believe the judge ?	yes
Definitely the managers mentioned the students .	Did the managers mention the students ?	yes
Suddenly the students recommended the authors .	Did the students recommend the authors ?	yes
Suddenly the president performed .	Did the president perform ?	yes
Suddenly the actors recognized the secretary .	Did the actors recognize the secretary ?	yes
Of course the managers called the student .	Did the managers call the student ?	yes
Clearly the managers avoided the judge .	Did the managers avoid the judge ?	yes
Definitely the students ran .	Did the students run ?	yes
Of course the students shouted .	Did the students shout ?	yes
Obviously the bankers helped the actor .	Did the bankers help the actor ?	yes
Definitely the authors waited .	Did the authors wait ?	yes
Of course the scientists resigned .	Did the scientists resign ?	yes
Of course the presidents thanked the manager .	Did the presidents thank the manager ?	yes
Certainly the actors helped the student .	Did the actors help the student ?	yes
Suddenly the artist stopped the professor .	Did the artist stop the professor ?	yes
Definitely the students recommended the secretary .	Did the students recommend the secretary ?	yes
Certainly the athlete saw the artist .	Did the athlete see the artist ?	yes
Certainly the presidents resigned .	Did the presidents resign ?	yes
Definitely the scientist contacted the professor .	Did the scientist contact the professor ?	yes
Clearly the doctors thanked the athlete .	Did the doctors thank the athlete ?	yes
Clearly the doctor supported the athletes .	Did the doctor support the athletes ?	yes
Without a doubt the doctor introduced the manager .	Did the doctor introduce the manager ?	yes
Definitely the secretaries supported the presidents .	Did the secretaries support the presidents ?	yes
Certainly the secretary recommended the artist .	Did the secretary recommend the artist ?	yes
Definitely the president avoided the actors .	Did the president avoid the actors ?	yes
Without a doubt the students avoided the authors .	Did the students avoid the authors ?	yes
Without a doubt the scientists contacted the banker .	Did the scientists contact the banker ?	yes
Definitely the authors introduced the tourist .	Did the authors introduce the tourist ?	yes
Of course the banker ran .	Did the banker run ?	yes
Obviously the athlete advised the managers .	Did the athlete advise the managers ?	yes
Of course the lawyer saw the president .	Did the lawyer see the president ?	yes
Clearly the doctors saw the students .	Did the doctors see the students ?	yes
Without a doubt the tourists helped the lawyer .	Did the tourists help the lawyer ?	yes
Definitely the bankers recognized the manager .	Did the bankers recognize the manager ?	yes
Of course the tourists introduced the students .	Did the tourists introduce the students ?	yes
Definitely the authors resigned .	Did the authors resign ?	yes
Without a doubt the actor admired the secretaries .	Did the actor admire the secretaries ?	yes
Without a doubt the bankers introduced the athletes .	Did the bankers introduce the athletes ?	yes
Of course the president resigned .	Did the president resign ?	yes
Clearly the secretaries thanked the professor .	Did the secretaries thank the professor ?	yes
Suddenly the managers contacted the professor .	Did the managers contact the professor ?	yes
Suddenly the secretaries supported the actors .	Did the secretaries support the actors ?	yes
Without a doubt the banker avoided the doctors .	Did the banker avoid the doctors ?	yes
Certainly the professor believed the judge .	Did the professor believe the judge ?	yes
Without a doubt the professor encouraged the senators .	Did the professor encourage the senators ?	yes
Certainly the presidents arrived .	Did the presidents arrive ?	yes
Of course the presidents shouted .	Did the presidents shout ?	yes
Certainly the scientist performed .	Did the scientist perform ?	yes
Clearly the artist saw the author .	Did the artist see the author ?	yes
Without a doubt the artists supported the athletes .	Did the artists support the athletes ?	yes
Obviously the bankers waited .	Did the bankers wait ?	yes
Definitely the athlete resigned .	Did the athlete resign ?	yes
Definitely the doctors recognized the secretaries .	Did the doctors recognize the secretaries ?	yes
Of course the authors waited .	Did the authors wait ?	yes
Suddenly the professors shouted .	Did the professors shout ?	yes
Suddenly the manager encouraged the professors .	Did the manager encourage the professors ?	yes
Obviously the actor danced .	Did the actor dance ?	yes
Certainly the tourists avoided the students .	Did the tourists avoid the students ?	yes
Definitely the manager called the secretary .	Did the manager call the secretary ?	yes
Without a doubt the professor advised the managers .	Did the professor advise the managers ?	yes
Certainly the author encouraged the tourists .	Did the author encourage the tourists ?	yes
Definitely the scientist helped the authors .	Did the scientist help the authors ?	yes
Clearly the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	yes
Obviously the professor performed .	Did the professor perform ?	yes
Clearly the judge admired the manager .	Did the judge admire the manager ?	yes
Of course the artist admired the presidents .	Did the artist admire the presidents ?	yes
Clearly the author thanked the students .	Did the author thank the students ?	yes
Of course the actors waited .	Did the actors wait ?	yes
Definitely the students thanked the tourist .	Did the students thank the tourist ?	yes
Definitely the lawyer supported the scientist .	Did the lawyer support the scientist ?	yes
Obviously the secretary avoided the senators .	Did the secretary avoid the senators ?	yes
Obviously the lawyers mentioned the presidents .	Did the lawyers mention the presidents ?	yes
Clearly the actor resigned .	Did the actor resign ?	yes
Definitely the senator recommended the scientists .	Did the senator recommend the scientists ?	yes
Clearly the authors advised the doctors .	Did the authors advise the doctors ?	yes
Of course the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
Of course the manager called the professor .	Did the manager call the professor ?	yes
Suddenly the doctors admired the actors .	Did the doctors admire the actors ?	yes
Certainly the athletes danced .	Did the athletes dance ?	yes
Suddenly the presidents advised the doctor .	Did the presidents advise the doctor ?	yes
Certainly the manager encouraged the secretary .	Did the manager encourage the secretary ?	yes
Certainly the scientists ran .	Did the scientists run ?	yes
Suddenly the manager helped the athlete .	Did the manager help the athlete ?	yes
Without a doubt the professor stopped the presidents .	Did the professor stop the presidents ?	yes
Obviously the lawyers danced .	Did the lawyers dance ?	yes
Without a doubt the secretaries shouted .	Did the secretaries shout ?	yes
Suddenly the scientists believed the athletes .	Did the scientists believe the athletes ?	yes
Certainly the tourist recommended the lawyer .	Did the tourist recommend the lawyer ?	yes
Certainly the scientist avoided the secretary .	Did the scientist avoid the secretary ?	yes
Of course the manager slept .	Did the manager sleep ?	yes
Obviously the bankers slept .	Did the bankers sleep ?	yes
Definitely the athlete contacted the doctors .	Did the athlete contact the doctors ?	yes
Of course the bankers stopped the author .	Did the bankers stop the author ?	yes
Certainly the tourists encouraged the banker .	Did the tourists encourage the banker ?	yes
Obviously the doctors encouraged the professor .	Did the doctors encourage the professor ?	yes
Obviously the students advised the judges .	Did the students advise the judges ?	yes
Of course the scientists danced .	Did the scientists dance ?	yes
Definitely the doctors saw the secretaries .	Did the doctors see the secretaries ?	yes
Definitely the managers believed the athletes .	Did the managers believe the athletes ?	yes
Clearly the artists believed the lawyers .	Did the artists believe the lawyers ?	yes
Certainly the managers admired the athletes .	Did the managers admire the athletes ?	yes
Suddenly the managers recommended the doctors .	Did the managers recommend the doctors ?	yes
Suddenly the student admired the manager .	Did the student admire the manager ?	yes
Of course the artists admired the bankers .	Did the artists admire the bankers ?	yes
Certainly the scientists believed the secretaries .	Did the scientists believe the secretaries ?	yes
Suddenly the senator resigned .	Did the senator resign ?	yes
Suddenly the scientists contacted the actors .	Did the scientists contact the actors ?	yes
Of course the manager mentioned the student .	Did the manager mention the student ?	yes
Certainly the president contacted the professors .	Did the president contact the professors ?	yes
Obviously the students recognized the managers .	Did the students recognize the managers ?	yes
Clearly the students performed .	Did the students perform ?	yes
Suddenly the banker introduced the managers .	Did the banker introduce the managers ?	yes
Without a doubt the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	yes
Obviously the lawyer recommended the actors .	Did the lawyer recommend the actors ?	yes
Without a doubt the senators resigned .	Did the senators resign ?	yes
Suddenly the banker waited .	Did the banker wait ?	yes
Definitely the author waited .	Did the author wait ?	yes
Clearly the students thanked the secretary .	Did the students thank the secretary ?	yes
Clearly the lawyers encouraged the artists .	Did the lawyers encourage the artists ?	yes
Without a doubt the professors recommended the judges .	Did the professors recommend the judges ?	yes
Definitely the senator danced .	Did the senator dance ?	yes
Definitely the doctor danced .	Did the doctor dance ?	yes
Of course the author advised the judges .	Did the author advise the judges ?	yes
Definitely the actors admired the athletes .	Did the actors admire the athletes ?	yes
Definitely the students thanked the artist .	Did the students thank the artist ?	yes
Clearly the professor recognized the judges .	Did the professor recognize the judges ?	yes
Definitely the senators encouraged the manager .	Did the senators encourage the manager ?	yes
Clearly the manager admired the bankers .	Did the manager admire the bankers ?	yes
Definitely the scientists called the lawyer .	Did the scientists call the lawyer ?	yes
Certainly the authors recommended the professor .	Did the authors recommend the professor ?	yes
Without a doubt the student admired the scientist .	Did the student admire the scientist ?	yes
Definitely the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	yes
Of course the lawyer danced .	Did the lawyer dance ?	yes
Suddenly the doctor saw the tourist .	Did the doctor see the tourist ?	yes
Definitely the banker thanked the artist .	Did the banker thank the artist ?	yes
Suddenly the author recognized the tourist .	Did the author recognize the tourist ?	yes
Of course the professors recognized the presidents .	Did the professors recognize the presidents ?	yes
Obviously the scientist stopped the professors .	Did the scientist stop the professors ?	yes
Clearly the tourists recognized the author .	Did the tourists recognize the author ?	yes
Clearly the athlete called the actor .	Did the athlete call the actor ?	yes
Suddenly the lawyers resigned .	Did the lawyers resign ?	yes
Suddenly the professors encouraged the student .	Did the professors encourage the student ?	yes
Certainly the artists contacted the managers .	Did the artists contact the managers ?	yes
Clearly the senators advised the bankers .	Did the senators advise the bankers ?	yes
Without a doubt the athletes slept .	Did the athletes sleep ?	yes
Definitely the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	yes
Clearly the managers encouraged the authors .	Did the managers encourage the authors ?	yes
Without a doubt the managers recommended the author .	Did the managers recommend the author ?	yes
Definitely the president encouraged the scientists .	Did the president encourage the scientists ?	yes
Suddenly the tourist danced .	Did the tourist dance ?	yes
Certainly the artists mentioned the author .	Did the artists mention the author ?	yes
Certainly the bankers thanked the actor .	Did the bankers thank the actor ?	yes
Suddenly the professors saw the senators .	Did the professors see the senators ?	yes
Of course the author performed .	Did the author perform ?	yes
Definitely the presidents admired the athlete .	Did the presidents admire the athlete ?	yes
Definitely the bankers stopped the lawyer .	Did the bankers stop the lawyer ?	yes
Definitely the tourist saw the doctor .	Did the tourist see the doctor ?	yes
Clearly the students recognized the authors .	Did the students recognize the authors ?	yes
Clearly the president saw the manager .	Did the president see the manager ?	yes
Obviously the secretary admired the tourists .	Did the secretary admire the tourists ?	yes
Obviously the lawyer resigned .	Did the lawyer resign ?	yes
Certainly the president stopped the judge .	Did the president stop the judge ?	yes
Clearly the judges recognized the manager .	Did the judges recognize the manager ?	yes
Suddenly the secretaries introduced the professors .	Did the secretaries introduce the professors ?	yes
Without a doubt the scientist admired the presidents .	Did the scientist admire the presidents ?	yes
Without a doubt the doctors recognized the judges .	Did the doctors recognize the judges ?	yes
Certainly the lawyers contacted the managers .	Did the lawyers contact the managers ?	yes
Suddenly the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	yes
Without a doubt the tourists performed .	Did the tourists perform ?	yes
Certainly the scientists advised the artist .	Did the scientists advise the artist ?	yes
Obviously the students called the secretaries .	Did the students call the secretaries ?	yes
Obviously the judge danced .	Did the judge dance ?	yes
Without a doubt the managers mentioned the professors .	Did the managers mention the professors ?	yes
Clearly the professors thanked the bankers .	Did the professors thank the bankers ?	yes
Obviously the athlete helped the secretary .	Did the athlete help the secretary ?	yes
Obviously the students danced .	Did the students dance ?	yes
Suddenly the athlete shouted .	Did the athlete shout ?	yes
Of course the scientist believed the actor .	Did the scientist believe the actor ?	yes
Clearly the senators resigned .	Did the senators resign ?	yes
Certainly the authors helped the artist .	Did the authors help the artist ?	yes
Certainly the bankers helped the senators .	Did the bankers help the senators ?	yes
Definitely the senator encouraged the professors .	Did the senator encourage the professors ?	yes
Clearly the judges believed the doctor .	Did the judges believe the doctor ?	yes
Without a doubt the president thanked the judge .	Did the president thank the judge ?	yes
Suddenly the lawyer called the bankers .	Did the lawyer call the bankers ?	yes
Suddenly the student helped the lawyer .	Did the student help the lawyer ?	yes
Clearly the lawyers recognized the secretary .	Did the lawyers recognize the secretary ?	yes
Clearly the bankers resigned .	Did the bankers resign ?	yes
Without a doubt the doctors called the senator .	Did the doctors call the senator ?	yes
Of course the artist saw the author .	Did the artist see the author ?	yes
Obviously the artist helped the manager .	Did the artist help the manager ?	yes
Clearly the artists introduced the banker .	Did the artists introduce the banker ?	yes
Suddenly the doctor slept .	Did the doctor sleep ?	yes
Suddenly the artist encouraged the banker .	Did the artist encourage the banker ?	yes
Obviously the senator introduced the lawyers .	Did the senator introduce the lawyers ?	yes
Without a doubt the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	yes
Obviously the students encouraged the tourist .	Did the students encourage the tourist ?	yes
Obviously the presidents stopped the athlete .	Did the presidents stop the athlete ?	yes
Definitely the authors believed the scientist .	Did the authors believe the scientist ?	yes
Obviously the presidents helped the senators .	Did the presidents help the senators ?	yes
Obviously the professors admired the judges .	Did the professors admire the judges ?	yes
Clearly the presidents mentioned the judge .	Did the presidents mention the judge ?	yes
Definitely the student shouted .	Did the student shout ?	yes
Obviously the scientist performed .	Did the scientist perform ?	yes
Suddenly the president slept .	Did the president sleep ?	yes
Without a doubt the students introduced the author .	Did the students introduce the author ?	yes
Definitely the judges introduced the actor .	Did the judges introduce the actor ?	yes
Definitely the doctors danced .	Did the doctors dance ?	yes
Suddenly the doctors saw the scientist .	Did the doctors see the scientist ?	yes
Without a doubt the secretary believed the author .	Did the secretary believe the author ?	yes
Of course the presidents performed .	Did the presidents perform ?	yes
Obviously the artist danced .	Did the artist dance ?	yes
Without a doubt the lawyers arrived .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
Certainly the students resigned .	Did the students resign ?	yes
Without a doubt the doctors advised the author .	Did the doctors advise the author ?	yes
Definitely the secretaries supported the senator .	Did the secretaries support the senator ?	yes
Definitely the athlete ran .	Did the athlete run ?	yes
Suddenly the judges thanked the author .	Did the judges thank the author ?	yes
Of course the student introduced the artists .	Did the student introduce the artists ?	yes
Clearly the students believed the judges .	Did the students believe the judges ?	yes
Definitely the professors helped the judges .	Did the professors help the judges ?	yes
Suddenly the scientist saw the athlete .	Did the scientist see the athlete ?	yes
Certainly the secretary helped the president .	Did the secretary help the president ?	yes
Suddenly the students avoided the author .	Did the students avoid the author ?	yes
Without a doubt the tourist recognized the manager .	Did the tourist recognize the manager ?	yes
Certainly the authors contacted the secretary .	Did the authors contact the secretary ?	yes
Certainly the professor resigned .	Did the professor resign ?	yes
Suddenly the judge saw the artists .	Did the judge see the artists ?	yes
Obviously the students thanked the manager .	Did the students thank the manager ?	yes
Of course the professor believed the president .	Did the professor believe the president ?	yes
Definitely the actor ran .	Did the actor run ?	yes
Certainly the doctor advised the presidents .	Did the doctor advise the presidents ?	yes
Certainly the actor saw the student .	Did the actor see the student ?	yes
Suddenly the artist recommended the author .	Did the artist recommend the author ?	yes
Without a doubt the athlete encouraged the students .	Did the athlete encourage the students ?	yes
Certainly the actors advised the students .	Did the actors advise the students ?	yes
Suddenly the judges resigned .	Did the judges resign ?	yes
Without a doubt the president believed the lawyers .	Did the president believe the lawyers ?	yes
Of course the author arrived .	Did the author arrive ?	yes
Definitely the artist called the author .	Did the artist call the author ?	yes
Obviously the authors encouraged the tourist .	Did the authors encourage the tourist ?	yes
Definitely the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	yes
Obviously the managers thanked the lawyers .	Did the managers thank the lawyers ?	yes
Obviously the secretary shouted .	Did the secretary shout ?	yes
Without a doubt the secretaries ran .	Did the secretaries run ?	yes
Without a doubt the tourists arrived .	Did the tourists arrive ?	yes
Obviously the artists performed .	Did the artists perform ?	yes
Certainly the manager saw the lawyers .	Did the manager see the lawyers ?	yes
Suddenly the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	yes
Suddenly the doctors ran .	Did the doctors run ?	yes
Without a doubt the students ran .	Did the students run ?	yes
Obviously the athletes mentioned the students .	Did the athletes mention the students ?	yes
Without a doubt the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	yes
Certainly the tourists contacted the scientist .	Did the tourists contact the scientist ?	yes
Of course the authors danced .	Did the authors dance ?	yes
Obviously the presidents contacted the doctors .	Did the presidents contact the doctors ?	yes
Definitely the banker resigned .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
Without a doubt the lawyer helped the managers .	Did the lawyer help the managers ?	yes
Of course the doctor shouted .	Did the doctor shout ?	yes
Certainly the tourists supported the lawyers .	Did the tourists support the lawyers ?	yes
Clearly the senator believed the artists .	Did the senator believe the artists ?	yes
Certainly the lawyers danced .	Did the lawyers dance ?	yes
Of course the athlete recommended the president .	Did the athlete recommend the president ?	yes
Without a doubt the banker supported the actors .	Did the banker support the actors ?	yes
Without a doubt the lawyer called the doctors .	Did the lawyer call the doctors ?	yes
Obviously the managers mentioned the secretary .	Did the managers mention the secretary ?	yes
Obviously the presidents mentioned the managers .	Did the presidents mention the managers ?	yes
Suddenly the senator waited .	Did the senator wait ?	yes
Definitely the lawyers waited .	Did the lawyers wait ?	yes
Clearly the student believed the tourist .	Did the student believe the tourist ?	yes
Clearly the athlete waited .	Did the athlete wait ?	yes
Obviously the doctors waited .	Did the doctors wait ?	yes
Suddenly the athlete helped the president .	Did the athlete help the president ?	yes
Clearly the athlete helped the senators .	Did the athlete help the senators ?	yes
Definitely the professor supported the lawyer .	Did the professor support the lawyer ?	yes
Certainly the presidents recommended the athlete .	Did the presidents recommend the athlete ?	yes
Without a doubt the actor performed .	Did the actor perform ?	yes
Suddenly the athletes recommended the scientists .	Did the athletes recommend the scientists ?	yes
Suddenly the athlete mentioned the scientists .	Did the athlete mention the scientists ?	yes
Without a doubt the artists avoided the scientist .	Did the artists avoid the scientist ?	yes
Of course the scientist helped the athletes .	Did the scientist help the athletes ?	yes
Of course the doctors contacted the students .	Did the doctors contact the students ?	yes
Clearly the banker avoided the professor .	Did the banker avoid the professor ?	yes
Of course the doctor arrived .	Did the doctor arrive ?	yes
Of course the secretary resigned .	Did the secretary resign ?	yes
Clearly the managers performed .	Did the managers perform ?	yes
Clearly the authors shouted .	Did the authors shout ?	yes
Certainly the artist advised the senator .	Did the artist advise the senator ?	yes
Obviously the tourists thanked the doctor .	Did the tourists thank the doctor ?	yes
Of course the scientists performed .	Did the scientists perform ?	yes
Of course the doctors resigned .	Did the doctors resign ?	yes
Obviously the scientist encouraged the senators .	Did the scientist encourage the senators ?	yes
Suddenly the artist thanked the scientists .	Did the artist thank the scientists ?	yes
Obviously the actors avoided the bankers .	Did the actors avoid the bankers ?	yes
Clearly the secretary introduced the artist .	Did the secretary introduce the artist ?	yes
Certainly the scientist saw the artist .	Did the scientist see the artist ?	yes
Obviously the judge performed .	Did the judge perform ?	yes
Obviously the judge resigned .	Did the judge resign ?	yes
Definitely the president stopped the professor .	Did the president stop the professor ?	yes
Obviously the secretaries stopped the manager .	Did the secretaries stop the manager ?	yes
Without a doubt the artist contacted the students .	Did the artist contact the students ?	yes
Certainly the secretary performed .	Did the secretary perform ?	yes
Of course the secretary ran .	Did the secretary run ?	yes
Obviously the banker waited .	Did the banker wait ?	yes
Without a doubt the bankers ran .	Did the bankers run ?	yes
Certainly the artists stopped the tourists .	Did the artists stop the tourists ?	yes
Suddenly the professor danced .	Did the professor dance ?	yes
Certainly the secretaries advised the actor .	Did the secretaries advise the actor ?	yes
Suddenly the professors supported the secretaries .	Did the professors support the secretaries ?	yes
Certainly the professors waited .	Did the professors wait ?	yes
Certainly the actors saw the scientists .	Did the actors see the scientists ?	yes
Certainly the professor contacted the actor .	Did the professor contact the actor ?	yes
Definitely the bankers recognized the authors .	Did the bankers recognize the authors ?	yes
Clearly the scientist thanked the secretary .	Did the scientist thank the secretary ?	yes
Of course the bankers mentioned the scientist .	Did the bankers mention the scientist ?	yes
Suddenly the student stopped the tourist .	Did the student stop the tourist ?	yes
Obviously the artist ran .	Did the artist run ?	yes
Suddenly the artist performed .	Did the artist perform ?	yes
Clearly the author ran .	Did the author run ?	yes
Definitely the professors performed .	Did the professors perform ?	yes
Certainly the scientist shouted .	Did the scientist shout ?	yes
Suddenly the president advised the professor .	Did the president advise the professor ?	yes
Certainly the student contacted the actors .	Did the student contact the actors ?	yes
Definitely the presidents shouted .	Did the presidents shout ?	yes
Definitely the secretaries stopped the tourists .	Did the secretaries stop the tourists ?	yes
Definitely the author contacted the student .	Did the author contact the student ?	yes
Without a doubt the banker performed .	Did the banker perform ?	yes
Obviously the actor recognized the doctors .	Did the actor recognize the doctors ?	yes
Without a doubt the students introduced the scientists .	Did the students introduce the scientists ?	yes
Suddenly the banker thanked the artist .	Did the banker thank the artist ?	yes
Obviously the athletes helped the banker .	Did the athletes help the banker ?	yes
Clearly the tourists recognized the presidents .	Did the tourists recognize the presidents ?	yes
Clearly the presidents believed the doctors .	Did the presidents believe the doctors ?	yes
Of course the senator ran .	Did the senator run ?	yes
Certainly the professor stopped the judge .	Did the professor stop the judge ?	yes
Of course the presidents recommended the athletes .	Did the presidents recommend the athletes ?	yes
Without a doubt the tourist waited .	Did the tourist wait ?	yes
Obviously the scientists admired the students .	Did the scientists admire the students ?	yes
Without a doubt the manager waited .	Did the manager wait ?	yes
Clearly the actor recommended the managers .	Did the actor recommend the managers ?	yes
Suddenly the manager avoided the judge .	Did the manager avoid the judge ?	yes
Definitely the presidents danced .	Did the presidents dance ?	yes
Of course the secretaries encouraged the student .	Did the secretaries encourage the student ?	yes
Certainly the artists ran .	Did the artists run ?	yes
Definitely the professor called the president .	Did the professor call the president ?	yes
Definitely the professors introduced the author .	Did the professors introduce the author ?	yes
Definitely the judge shouted .	Did the judge shout ?	yes
Clearly the professors admired the judge .	Did the professors admire the judge ?	yes
Suddenly the banker performed .	Did the banker perform ?	yes
Certainly the professors contacted the student .	Did the professors contact the student ?	yes
Definitely the doctor performed .	Did the doctor perform ?	yes
Clearly the bankers arrived .	Did the bankers arrive ?	yes
Obviously the actors contacted the judge .	Did the actors contact the judge ?	yes
Without a doubt the tourists shouted .	Did the tourists shout ?	yes
Definitely the judge encouraged the lawyers .	Did the judge encourage the lawyers ?	yes
Obviously the student believed the authors .	Did the student believe the authors ?	yes
Without a doubt the scientists advised the athlete .	Did the scientists advise the athlete ?	yes
Obviously the author recommended the student .	Did the author recommend the student ?	yes
Suddenly the secretaries resigned .	Did the secretaries resign ?	yes
Obviously the tourist stopped the doctors .	Did the tourist stop the doctors ?	yes
Suddenly the lawyer ran .	Did the lawyer run ?	yes
Certainly the actor recommended the doctors .	Did the actor recommend the doctors ?	yes
Clearly the secretary called the managers .	Did the secretary call the managers ?	yes
Obviously the presidents believed the senators .	Did the presidents believe the senators ?	yes
Of course the banker thanked the artists .	Did the banker thank the artists ?	yes
Without a doubt the student arrived .	Did the student arrive ?	yes
Without a doubt the lawyers ran .	Did the lawyers run ?	yes
Of course the judge advised the author .	Did the judge advise the author ?	yes
Suddenly the banker resigned .	Did the banker resign ?	yes
Obviously the author advised the manager .	Did the author advise the manager ?	yes
Obviously the lawyers recommended the tourists .	Did the lawyers recommend the tourists ?	yes
Without a doubt the actor contacted the lawyers .	Did the actor contact the lawyers ?	yes
Obviously the judges ran .	Did the judges run ?	yes
Clearly the lawyers arrived .	Did the lawyers arrive ?	yes
Of course the actors helped the judges .	Did the actors help the judges ?	yes
Of course the athletes arrived .	Did the athletes arrive ?	yes
Without a doubt the managers admired the tourist .	Did the managers admire the tourist ?	yes
Of course the managers introduced the president .	Did the managers introduce the president ?	yes
Obviously the authors believed the athletes .	Did the authors believe the athletes ?	yes
Of course the lawyers saw the secretary .	Did the lawyers see the secretary ?	yes
Suddenly the artist stopped the athlete .	Did the artist stop the athlete ?	yes
Without a doubt the author stopped the scientists .	Did the author stop the scientists ?	yes
Without a doubt the senator advised the judges .	Did the senator advise the judges ?	yes
Without a doubt the senator avoided the lawyers .	Did the senator avoid the lawyers ?	yes
Certainly the lawyers advised the actor .	Did the lawyers advise the actor ?	yes
Obviously the scientist saw the athletes .	Did the scientist see the athletes ?	yes
Without a doubt the authors mentioned the banker .	Did the authors mention the banker ?	yes
Clearly the athlete encouraged the banker .	Did the athlete encourage the banker ?	yes
Obviously the senators recognized the lawyers .	Did the senators recognize the lawyers ?	yes
Of course the students encouraged the athlete .	Did the students encourage the athlete ?	yes
Without a doubt the doctor introduced the senator .	Did the doctor introduce the senator ?	yes
Certainly the lawyers called the bankers .	Did the lawyers call the bankers ?	yes
Certainly the athlete advised the banker .	Did the athlete advise the banker ?	yes
Obviously the scientist thanked the students .	Did the scientist thank the students ?	yes
Obviously the actor believed the tourist .	Did the actor believe the tourist ?	yes
Suddenly the senators danced .	Did the senators dance ?	yes
Obviously the authors believed the athlete .	Did the authors believe the athlete ?	yes
Certainly the banker believed the professor .	Did the banker believe the professor ?	yes
Definitely the scientists admired the managers .	Did the scientists admire the managers ?	yes
Of course the athletes waited .	Did the athletes wait ?	yes
Definitely the senator recognized the scientist .	Did the senator recognize the scientist ?	yes
Of course the doctors avoided the banker .	Did the doctors avoid the banker ?	yes
Clearly the lawyer contacted the athlete .	Did the lawyer contact the athlete ?	yes
Clearly the presidents recommended the professor .	Did the presidents recommend the professor ?	yes
Of course the professor stopped the artists .	Did the professor stop the artists ?	yes
Of course the judge recognized the tourists .	Did the judge recognize the tourists ?	yes
Certainly the banker slept .	Did the banker sleep ?	yes
Certainly the author admired the actors .	Did the author admire the actors ?	yes
Certainly the judge waited .	Did the judge wait ?	yes
Obviously the athletes called the scientists .	Did the athletes call the scientists ?	yes
Obviously the actor contacted the managers .	Did the actor contact the managers ?	yes
Definitely the managers saw the tourist .	Did the managers see the tourist ?	yes
Suddenly the manager introduced the judge .	Did the manager introduce the judge ?	yes
Without a doubt the professor advised the senators .	Did the professor advise the senators ?	yes
Suddenly the authors stopped the secretaries .	Did the authors stop the secretaries ?	yes
Suddenly the students waited .	Did the students wait ?	yes
Obviously the banker avoided the scientists .	Did the banker avoid the scientists ?	yes
Without a doubt the banker mentioned the authors .	Did the banker mention the authors ?	yes
Clearly the manager slept .	Did the manager sleep ?	yes
Definitely the secretaries mentioned the lawyer .	Did the secretaries mention the lawyer ?	yes
Clearly the actor thanked the scientist .	Did the actor thank the scientist ?	yes
Obviously the professor mentioned the lawyers .	Did the professor mention the lawyers ?	yes
Clearly the bankers waited .	Did the bankers wait ?	yes
Of course the author mentioned the scientists .	Did the author mention the scientists ?	yes
Obviously the senator avoided the professor .	Did the senator avoid the professor ?	yes
Certainly the senators recognized the actor .	Did the senators recognize the actor ?	yes
Obviously the artists ran .	Did the artists run ?	yes
Suddenly the tourists supported the judges .	Did the tourists support the judges ?	yes
Of course the artists resigned .	Did the artists resign ?	yes
